Business Id,Review
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b563239db),"While my partner and I don't normally like chain restaurants Ling & Louie's is an exception. They're a small chain of only two restaurants they are franchising. We both started with Miso soup which was okay. Then we moved on to Potstickers, on of our favorites. they were very good, but not outstanding. For our entree's I ordered Firecracker Chicken with Broccoli and my partner ordered Meatball Sliders. The Chicken was VERY spicy, but also very good. I didn't have room to try the Meatball Sliders but here they were also very good. All-in-all it was a pretty good meal and the service was perfect."
ObjectID(5165b71d74c3068b56325edc),"Mikey likes it! Yes, after years of passing by the Village Tavern and years of never going in, I've finally visited this local neighborhood tavern and what do I have to say about it? It's A-OK in my book! When I walked in, it reminded me of other restaurants in the valley in the sense that it's cozy, warm and full of *gasp* snowbirds! The restaurant was hopping with visitors which is a great sign in this economy. They told us the wait would be about 20 minutes, but we weren't even half way done with our beers when they called our name, actually our beeper started buzzing. The dining room is warm and welcoming. It's crowded in there but once you sit in your seat, you easily forget about those surrounding you. The booths are high and comfortable. The staffers are friendly and attentive but not overbearing. For food, we began with the crab dip. It came out fresh, hearty and inviting us to dig into it. I liked to see how they gave us small bread slices instead of chips or a large chunk of bread to break off. The crab dip was tasty and savory enough that I could have a little and was still satisfied. Now the menu here is pretty overwhelming because you can pretty much choose anything in any food group to eat based on this menu. But, I ended up going for the fish tacos. I don't quite know what kind of fish was in the tacos but they were filling and satisfying. I didn't try the ribs but caught a glimpse of them and if they tasted anything like they looked, then those are some delicious ribs! So to end my tale about my introduction to the Village Tavern, this is a great neighborhood restaurant that I'd happily visit again."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323c20),"This place is definitely a sports bar. Can get pretty crowded before game time as it is a couple of streets from Chase Field (where the Diamondbacks lose...er, play) and America West Arena (or whatever its called this week - where Los Suns play!). The food is pretty good and reasonably priced. Sometimes Dan Majerle, owner and former Suns player, will come through. Its fun to watch him grope the female servers (please tip those girls well!). I'd suggest it for smaller games and for nights when there is no game, too busy on game nights to really enjoy."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323d0f),"Drop what you're doing and drive here. After I ate here I had to go back the next day for more.  The food is that good.This cute little green building may have gone competely unoticed if I hadn't been driving down Palm Rd to avoid construction.  While waiting to turn onto 16th Street the ""Grand Opening"" sign caught my eye and my little yelping soul leaped for joy!  A new place to try!It looked desolate from the outside but when I opened the door I was put at easy by the decor, smell and cleanliness inside.  I ordered dinner for two, to go.  The menu was awesome.  I loved seeing all the variety: poblano peppers, mole, mahi mahi, mushrooms...something wrapped in banana leaves.  It made it difficult to choose something.  Here's what I've had so far: La Condesa Shrimp Burro and Baja Sur Dogfish Shark Taco.  They are both were very delicious meals but the shrimp burro stole the show.  So much flavor.  I snagged some bites from my hubbys mole and mahi mahi burros- mmmm such a delight.  The salsa bar is endless.  I really stocked up.  I was excited to try the strawberry salsa but it was too hot, in fact it all was, but I'm a big wimp when it comes to hot peppers. The horchata is handmade and delicious.  They throw pecans and some fruit in there too which is a yummy bonus!As if the good food wasn't enough to win me over the art in this restaurant sho did!  I'm a sucker for Mexican folk art and Frida Kahlo is my Oprah.  There's a painting of her and Diego hanging over the salsa bar, it's amazing.  All the paintings are great, love the artist."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323588),"Scary things to me:Paris Hilton has a career. Sarah Palin. Really. She's like the new Anita Bryant. My fathers' overgrown eyebrows. Trim, daddy, trim!Droves of high schoolers leaving school just as I'm trying to find Barrio Cafe. Seriously. Like thousands of them. And I couldn't find the damn restaurant. What was I gonna do? Roll down the window (well, not roll down, seriously, who rolls down windows anymore?) and holler out in my best lispy voice, ""Hey, squeeze me fellas, I'm going to a wine tasting at the Barrio Cafe. Y'all know where that is?"" Since all teenagers carry guns, yes, that scared me. Finally. I found it. And entered. Cute. Cozy. Middle of the day, so empty. Great, vibrant art. And a very attentive and friendly staff. Often times at this time of day, restaurants really drop the ball. No ball dropping here.I had La Paloma margarita which is made with a grapefruit soda. Think Squirt and Patron! And after a couple of these babies I was in el bano squirting out that Patron. Dee lish however. I ordered the Enchiladas Del Mar. Enchiladas of the Sea for my non Spanish speaking peeps. You know what? It was good. Not great. And the presentation was somewhat messy. I couldn't find the crab or the scallops (which were the size of the ends of q-tips by the way). They were lost in the sauce and the cheese. But I devoured it as the blue corn tortillas sang to me. My friend had a chickent torta. Big and rustic. Like Janet Reno. She loved it! I will most definitely be back. Hopefully I will not have to navigate through the plethora of pubescent people and hopefullyl I will pick that Barrio menu item that will blow my calcentinas off. Oh. That's blow my socks off. BTW. Adios for now mi yelpitas!"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b5632596f),"It's all about the fish and chips.The four stars, that is.  Light and crisp and moist...  with malt vinegar on the chips.. Ohhh yeah, it's that good.  The other food I've had has been fine  - a couple salads, burger, sandwhich... good, but no shouting from the rooftops.The beer selection works for me (as long as there is Guiness, I'm happy).  Be sure to check out the chalk board in the bar - sometimes they have a ""get a beer for 1 cent if your last name begins with....""  One day the magic letter was ""W"" - no kidding!"
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b563239f0),Apparently I stand corrected and this place is still open. Maybe they were just spraying for crabs when I walked by... It was boarded up.. But now a fully functioning bump and grind. Enjoy.
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323aef),"If iI had known that the official title was ""Gallagher's Food and Fun"" I would have been in here a lot more often when I lived up the street. As it happened, I would come in from time to time to watch the Suns, especially during playoff time, when this place really gets jumpin. For all other intensive purposes, Gallagher's is a reasonably priced, solid sports bar. The food is good but not outstanding, and the staff is friendly but will show you the door in a hurry if you give them problems. If you're in the area and looking to munch on some wings and a beer or two, it's definitely worth a pass through."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b56324850),"Go for the Pumpkin, mix it with Pistachio, meet me on my cloud, I'm in Heaven! I just wish they opened at like 9am when I really need my Mojo the most!"
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b563235f7),"Want some fried rice?  A good size serving of yummy, piping hot Chinese food? Look no further.  As my friend from Bangkok used to say, ""You like these ?  Five bucks"" .  She was talking about jeans, but it's pretty much the same thing."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323a33),"Eden's Grill has to be one of my favorite, and newly discovered Middle Eastern/Mediterranean restaurant in the PHX metro. Located in a sleepy strip mall, close to Artie's Ace, is EG. My partner and I had the opportunity to have dinner here a few weeks ago and we were totally wowed by everything! We started off with the hummus, followed by two orders of the vegetarian plate. The vegetarian plates were huge and featured dolmades, falafel, rice, veggie skewers and veggie patties (2). The vegetarian plate was massive and everything on the plate was delicious. Next time we'll pay the extra $5 and split one Vegetarian Plate instead of getting two. The pita and hummus were fresh and delicious, however, I find EG's hummus to be a a little thick for my preference and they use a heavy dose of tahini in their hummus. Overall, I would totally recommend EG to anyone with an itch for Middle Eastern/Mediterranean food but be warned, they aren't open for lunch on the weekends yet."
ObjectID(5165b71d74c3068b56325e6c),"took mom here for a visit on friday.  overall I like queen creek olive mill. I like that you can enjoy a meal or snack outside.  I like the stuffed olives and even though i didn't do the tour this time, i think that it is a great idea.  so, i have to say in general I'm a fan. with that said.... mom and I had lunch already but the food I did see did not look promising but we did enjoy two small gelatos ( $5.00).  I wish they offered some complimentary bread to sample the olive oils with.  Its a little difficult to find but very cute place to take your mom or friend or anyone who likes olive oil!"
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323478),"Whew. Ever feel like you've been sucked into a black hole where no waitstaff can find you?I and others in my party must have worn our server-repellent tonight. We weren't on her radar AT ALL. Spoke to the manager, and she was apologetic, which was good. She comped our desserts.Speaking of which, I found a chunk of chicken in my pizzooki. Chicken. I could not stop laughing! This meal was like the Charlie Brown of meals. Nothing went right!Good grief!"
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b5632422a),"Ended up spending $40 on a margarita, three beers, and one entree during happy hour. (I still tipped, the waiter was friendly and it's not his fault everything but the Corona tasted like a sweaty butt crack).The dark bock microbrew tastes like bitter, cheap sake and smelled like margarita mix. The regular margaritas taste like corn syrup and wetnaps. The food was average and way overpriced. The red sauce tastes like spicy, water potting soil. I ate some of my sister's food as I didn't even order anything because they were charging $16 for a freaking chicken fajita. But the worst thing was the swarm of flies buzzing around our table on the newly-enclosed patio. I was swatting the air like a schizophrenic hobo."
ObjectID(5165b71d74c3068b56325d14),"OK, decent beer selection, but no local beer on tap?  Whats with that?Place has a nice ambience but can be rather claustrophobic, service is good somtimes, and absolutley terrible on other occasions. Some of the pasties are not as good as they sound and can be quite dry.  Be careful when ordering.  The original classic pasty is always a good bet. Good yet short happy hour & a creative atlternative to the average corner pub. Could be better, could be 5 stars!"
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b5632363b),"Yummy, Yummy, Yummy! I've been coming to this place regularly for about 5 years, from the time that my wife and I were a couple, to having a newborn baby and now a toddler.The food has without fail been good. The only bad experience I had was when I decided to be adventurous and try some unfamiliar authentic Vietnamese dishes. What can I say - some flavors don't translate across cultures...The staff are nice, without being in your face friendly like at a American casual dining restaurant.Top recommendations - The Shrimp and Pork Spring rolls for a starterEither the Bun, or the lemon grass beef for a main dish. (As a fair warning to you, the lemon grass beef can have a high sodium content if you're sensitive to it)"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b5632541f),"I was watching a Judge Judy show today and JJ was really giving the business to this loser (you know...had bad credit, met a chick, she took a credit card in her name, he didn't pay her back, she's shocked, now they're in court)...she was RIDING his ass. It was awesome. Finally she said ""what planet are you from?""...Dude with mullet bows his head, darts his eyes from JJ and says ""Why, I'm from Wisconsin Judge Judy"".LMAO!Culver's, by way of the Dairy State, has settled on Camelback and Central. Rickie and I ate here after seeing Date Night on our ""date night"". Thought it was a cute, innocent, 1950s way to wrap up our afternoon. You know, kinda like Richie and Laurie Beth. Please, I need to check ID's on this reference. I'm sure Rickie wouldn't pass this one!Culver's was very clean with well trained and polite employees...think In N Out. We ordered the famous Butter Burgers along with various sides. Burgers. Yum! Sides. Ugh! Would rather have had Ore Ida. Cheese curds had a thick, icky overcooked batter with a Q tip sized cheese curd, fries were limp and sad (kind of like Jesse James career and life now) and the chicken tenders were standard fast food fare.Root Beer! Outstanding! Smoothie was OK...probably should have went with a good old fashion malt. But who knew?We had a fabulous booth across from a large open window with a fantastic Sunday breeze cooling our curds. I would go back for a burger and root beer. I might even wear a Packers or Brewers t shirt...just to see if I get some free stuff."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b56324711),"i went last week with my wife and two kids. the burger was ok, the meat was not as flavorful as say smash burger or delux. the kids didnt eat, as they are not hot dog or hamburger fans. i was hoping that they served pizza like the other location. the frys were good crispy hot, and tasty. long story short, we were the only ones there and the cook messed up the one burger that we ordered. i talked to the lady who looked to be the owner/manager and expressed my concerns. i will try it again, this time without the kids. At this price point the burger was not saved by the great mushrooms, and tasty frys. smash burger is at the same price, and their burger was by far tastier."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323532),"""My Big Fat Greek Restaurant"" just started serving breakfast. I love breakfast. I love food. And now I love MBFGR. Patti and I went this morning and it was great. You know, it's normal breakfast fare, but with a greek influence, the ambiance (at Shea and Tatum anyway), the presentation (nice table settings and side items, described below) and the great preparation, it was a step above our usual destinations.I had the obligatory gyro omelet, with an included side of pancakes (one of a couple of options). Included as a surprise on the plate was a mini-muffin and a fresh fruit bowl (small, but just perfect). The pancakes were dusted with powdered sugar and, somewhere in or under the cakes was a little bit of cinnamon-flavored applesauce (maybe an unwelcomed surprise to some, but it was great). The fried country potatoes with onions and such were fresh and hot and complimented the perfectly-cooked omelet stuffed with good gyro meat and feta.All that on the square, greek-themed plates made for a breakfast feast. I hope their upcoming advertising will bring in enough business to continue their breakfast offerings as a supplement to the regular dining hours, one of which we occupied the other night with a gyro salad and baba ghanoush that was equally great. Opa! Try to make it!"
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323f22),"Well, a disclaimer here..I am a biased reviewer.  I worked at Hava from 5/99-12/02.It is everything I want in a coffee house.  Quality coffee drinks made so you can taste the coffee.  It is not over roasted like the chains.  The munchies are passable.  This has always been of secondary importance here.  I mean...if you are a coffee drinker do you really care that the muffins are the cream of the crop?  Probably not.  Do not get me wrong there is nothing bad about the munchies it is just that it is always just better than average.That's A-O-K in my book though.  The staff is usually top notch.  Given the demands of a small staff, a high energy coffee house, demanding (in a good way) clientle, and the need for mad social skills there is a dichotomy of employees there.  On one hand there are employees that are like myself..there for many years and on the other many who only last a week or two.  Once an employee fits in they can be counted on to give you great personalized service and high quality coffee drinks.Honestly, if you are a seasoned coffee drinker you will prefer to hit this place on the Camelback Corridor rather than the chain places.  Sure, you may have to wait a little bit longer, but that will give you more time to witness the denizens of Hava.  There is a tight knit, and large, regular crowd who take time out of their days to spend time at hava.  You'll see why they do and you'll start to make extra time for the daily visits in your routine.If you read this say hey to Jake on the coffee cart out front and tell them Chris from San Fran sent ya.Cheers!"
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323d21),"Every time I come to Phoenix, I eat here. $5.99 for a hummus pita with a side salad. Imad took great care of me; so engaging. This is amazing hummus and pita bread. Tucked away in Old Town in a corner shopping center, it has outdoor seating too. I always sit in one of the little tables inside the order area; didn't realize till this past visit there was actually a bigger sitting area! I should branch out and order something else...but I won't because I seriously enjoy their hummus pita!! This beats the $120 I forked over at a sushi place this visit."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b563238a3),"Had my first twin peaks experience last weekend. Here's my review:1. ""Scenic Views"" - Excellent!  The girls are hot and also personable (at least our waitress was personable).  I joked with my friends that they must recruit at eating disorder clinics as the only chunky girls or girls with any fat or cellulite in the place were customers. The waitresses here stop to chit chat with their customers not just drop off food and drinks and run.  2.  Sports watching: Good.  Lots of TVs ring the bar. we were there to watch Sunday NFL games and all 5 of us have different favorite teams and we were all able to see a TV from our table that had our respective games on them.  Of course you're only getting sound from the big draw game going on but that's everywhere.3.  Food:  Average/Fair: Nothing memorable, and not a very big selection of food offerings.  The waitresses, who BTW are very good promoters & up-sellers of their food and products, definitely make the limited menu items sound better than they actually were. Not that the food was disappointing or bad, it was just a little over exaggerated/oversold. I and a couple others had hangover burgers which is an average burger with a fried egg on it,  Burgers comes with fries which are the thick steak fry kind and they are seasoned. For the price it would've been nice if it had a couple more topping options were offered with the burger, but how it came out was adequate. My friend had the Philly cheese steak which I had part of.  Now a disclaimer: I'm from Philly originally so rarely do I give a cheese steak outside of the Philly/NJ?NY area a positive review because so often they are missing one or more important parts of what makes a good Philly Cheese Steak.  Twin Peak's version was no exception...I'd call it a decent cheese steak but not a good Philly Cheese Steak.  Another friend had the pork nachos which were good. We had to send something back to the kitchen (not me) due to temperature not being warm enough, but that was quickly rectified  4. Beer: Good! Had their Hefeweizen which was cold and tasty. Only negative was when the bill for me and my girlfriend's portion came, the waitress had my GF down for 3 big beers instead of the 2 beers she actually ordered. When I brought this to the waitress' attention, she first tried to convince me that she was almost 100% positive my GF had ordered that many beers, however my GF is tiny and she would've been on the floor if she had that many beers in that short amount of time.  Finally the waitress had her manager remove the unordered beer from the bill, but was kind of surprised the waitress argued with us initially.  So I'd go back for the beers, game watching & scenic views.  I'll probably eat elsewhere though before I go."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b563236ac),"Yum, yum and yum!  A neighbor introduced me to this gem and am I certainly appreciative!  This is not a bass-thumping sushi mega-factory, but a small inviting space where the food is the feature attraction.  Everything I tried was fresh and perfectly presented.  Five stars, easy!"
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323a41),"First off, it's a great looking bar which has a supreme location right in the heart of Old Town. We stopped by last night to meet a friend for drinks and to have a look around. This is the first bar in town (that I know of) with beer taps built right into the tables (Coors & XX). I will be back to sample the grub soon enough. Another excellent addition to Scottsdale's nightlife!"
ObjectID(5165b71d74c3068b56325fde),"Gross, repulsive, appauling, disgusting, overrated, dirty, should be shut down by the CDC.  You get the jist?"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324f6c),"i'm the first to admit it -- i give Italian food in general a half-hearted shrug and an ""eh."" i'm not hatin', i just never, ever crave an Italian meal (unless it's my ma's meatballs, she's pretty great at making those).so, when a group of co-workers picked this place for a bday lunch i was prepared for a shrug-able meal with nothing of importance to note.the sign is easy to miss under a growth of greenery, so keep your eyes peeled. plenty of parking, but that was because 1. we got there about 1120 and it opens at 11; and 2. i was warned in advance that this place is almost always dead during lunch. but a big parking lot nonetheless, something that might appeal to you since Postino's is next door and often a parking or waiting nightmare.the dining area is what i call a parents' fancy-factor dream: linen tablecloths, pre-set stemware and bread plates. spacious, and sure enough, we were the only patrons. server was Italiano through and through, nice, helpful and attentive. three paninis were ordered (2 caprese and a filet mignon) and i *tried* to order the caprese app (simple plate of tomato, basil and mozz, i wasn't very hungry). even went so far as point to it and mention that it should come out with the other orders. i say tried because i ended up with the chicken caprese salad somehow. chicken wasn't very good, unfortunatley, a lot of chewy rubbery bits and not very flavorful. the greens ...i don't know how to describe that i didn't like the mix, but i felt like i had to do a lot of picking through to get a good bite. dressing was scant but tasted good, mozzarella was clearly the star -- soft, light and flavorful (and made in house, someone mentioned, but don't hold me to that).the rest of the party RAVED about their paninis, so if i found myself back (not going to go out of my way) i would def go that route. all in all, it was a nicer stop for a professional lunch that was quiet, low key and with good food."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b5632552a),"Cute and casual lunch option.// LOCATION // Just outside the Scottsdale Mall // SERVICE // You order at the counter, are given a number, and seat yourself. Drinks are self-serve as well at their awesome digital Coca Cola soda dispenser// FOOD //      + Chicken salad sandwich: Fabulously fresh. It same consistency as tuna salad which kind of throws you off     + Pasta salad: Fresh and refreshing without being overly dressed     + Beef roll ups: Ate these 3 hours later and they were still super tasty. The meat is very tender     + Greek salad dressing: Simple yet delish with olive oil and red wine vinegar. There is a bottle on every table so that you can help yourself"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325446),"First impressions, I was thinking Burmese food was going to be just like Thai food after first glance at the menu. But I was wrong! We ordered the Green Tea leaf salad for starters.....don't let the look of it scare you. It tasted pretty nutty to my surprise. We also had the ""Tobu"" salad which was the BEST tofu I have ever had. They don't use Chinese tofu, they use their own Burmese style tofu which was creamy and soooo tasty. I don't know if it was the slightly spicy sauce they used but it was fantastic. I could eat that ""salad"" (no lettuce in this salad) everyday!My entree was the curry with halibut, which I ordered with the coconut rice. The halibut was cooked perfectly but I ordered the mild curry and I could of gone hotter, so I thought it lacked a little flavor from what I am used to in curries. The coconut rice was worth despite the added calories. Everyone else ordered meat dishes so I didn't get a chance to try them but  they seemed to love them and couldn't stop talking about how flavorful it all was. I will defiantly be back to ""Burma"" when I am craving tofu...which could be everyday! This place is closed on Mondays........"
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323367),"This isn't your typical Mexican restaurant that puts cheese and sour cream on everything. The food here is light, simple, and fresh. We started out with the guacamole which was amazing. My sister doesn't even like mandarin oranges but it tasted so good in the guacamole she was eating it like it was going out of style. The salsa that came with it was the bomb. One was a spicy red salsa and the other one was a tomatillo salsa. The green one was so good I wanted to drink it. I ordered the chorizo and eggs and my sister ordered a couple of tacos with rice and beans. Everything tasted great and I even had room for dessert after my meal. We had some kind of carmel, banana, crepe thing. It doesn't look like much but it was one of the best desserts I've ever had. Gallo Blanco is my new obsession."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324967),"This place is essentially a copy of the old Father's Office (www.fathersoffice.com) in Brentwood, CA.  It took me a while to get over that fact and give it a decent try.  Among the things Delux has copied from FO is the famous ""Office Burger,"" which Delux calls the ""Delux Burger.""  They also bring out the fries in a shopping cart just like Father's Office.  What Delux fails to copy, however, is the quality of the food and the high-end nature of the original.  At FO, the wines changed weekly and are all incredibly rare selections.  The beers at FO also tend towards the more obscure.  Delux seems to concentrate almost exclusively on beers and does have a decent selection, but nothing you can't find elsewhere.  Wines are available, but as an afterthought, and definitely not of the quality served at FO.  For Phoenicians who never experienced the joys associated with the original Father's Office, you're missing out.  It's like being an Eric Clapton fan but not even knowing who Muddy Waters is.  But all the imitation aside, I have to say that Delux does a pretty good job with everything and they have taken the FO concept and adapted it to the PHX strip mall environment.  Food wise, everything I have tried was ok.  They did change their sweet potato fries a year or two ago because the other ones weren't ""crispy"" enough.  The problem is that these new crispier ones have no flavor.  When they were testing out the new fries, the manager asked me and a friend to opine and we told him the truth: We said the new ones are flavorless.  I guess we were the only ones who thought so because they went ahead with that change.  That lost them 1 star from this review.  I would rather have the soggier more flavorful ones (who knows how they make these new ones so crispy anyways?).  When I go here, it's almost always out of convenience and late at night.  Not many places of this caliber stay open until 2 am, so it's about all there is when you are in need of a late night meal in this part of town.  Their 2 star rating is based on: clearly knocking off one of my favorite places, Father's Office (minus 1 star) and for ignoring my feedback on the new crispy tasteless sweet potato fries (minus 1 star).  They also lose a star for retaining the FO prices but substituting Phoenix strip mall quality."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325306),"Best Hawaiian in town, this place was a staple for me in the college years.  I could live off the manapua.  The humble decor leaves you in for an even better surprise when you taste the food.  Had a friend that lived in Hawaii for several years and he said the food here was just like home.  They have music on some days and advertise cultural events happening in the valley.  Fun, cheap, good eats."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324cc5),"I met a friend of mine here for lunch the other day.  She has raved about this Indian food place that she said I had to try.  I used to live in the Bay Area of California, and I had some of the best Indian food while I was there, so I was a little skeptical that I would find something good here in Arizona.  My friend was right, the food here is awesome.I liked the variety of naan that they had here, from plain to garlic to whole wheat.  We got the whole wheat, which soaked up the yummy goodness of the sauce that came with my lamb masala.  This dish was just spicy enough, very flavorful, and the lamb was super tender.  My friend is a veggie and got the dal makhani, which my carnivorous self actually found quite tasty.  And to top it all off, they had some chai tea that was out of this world.  It's a far cry from the sweetened chai stuff that you get at Starbucks, very flavorful.The service here was very great and attentive.  I'm not sure how this place would be around the dinner hour, but for lunch we were seated quickly and served quickly as well despite quite a few people being there.  I can't wait to come back!"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325035),I was sick of fast food and I needed to eat something different for lunch today . A coworker mentioned Lemongrass and I had one of the best meals of my life. I ordered the pad thai and every bite was amazing. I didn't know that pad thai could taste that good. This is going to be my new lunch spot I can't wait to try everything off the menu! If you are in the area give Lemongrass Thai Cuisine a try.
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324f39),"I thought that opening night would be packed at the new Canal Restaurant.  This is the first Restaurant to open up at Jennifer Croll's and Fred Unger's concept Southbridge/Mix Shops.  I was wrong...The restaurant was no busy maybe over the course of being there for about two hours they had sat 10 tables.  The lack of patrons was due to a ""soft opening"".  What is with Scottsdale and all of these ""soft openings""?  This is why the majority of restaurants go out of business.  Back to the review:  Walking into Canal, the place had a swanky feel...walking through the bar section to get to the hostess you can see the large white glass wall with pictures constantly changing and you walk past the catwalk...this will be used for fashion shows once the shops are opened.  I sat down to look at the wine menu, and this was done ""scrapbook style"".  I found this to be a bit tacky.  Apparently, the staff had made this wine book on there own.  It would have been nice for a private restaurant, but for a new swanky restaurant here in Scottsdale, it just looked terrible.  I ordered a Malbec and my friends had the Adult lemonade.The food menu looked fantastic, I was equally excited to try the food.  My friends and I ordered: Ahi Three Ways, House-made Parmesan fries, Ahi Nicoise; and the Grilled Cheese & Soup.  One word: YUMMY!!!  Everything was fantastic...flavorful, nice portions..Chef Beckett has really done well in his new kitchen. With time this new eatery will only get better...with their patio under construction and the mix shops, Canal will be a great place for food, fun and fashion."