Business Id,Review
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b563239db),"While my partner and I don't normally like chain restaurants Ling & Louie's is an exception. They're a small chain of only two restaurants they are franchising. We both started with Miso soup which was okay. Then we moved on to Potstickers, on of our favorites. they were very good, but not outstanding. For our entree's I ordered Firecracker Chicken with Broccoli and my partner ordered Meatball Sliders. The Chicken was VERY spicy, but also very good. I didn't have room to try the Meatball Sliders but here they were also very good. All-in-all it was a pretty good meal and the service was perfect."
ObjectID(5165b71d74c3068b56325edc),"Mikey likes it! Yes, after years of passing by the Village Tavern and years of never going in, I've finally visited this local neighborhood tavern and what do I have to say about it? It's A-OK in my book! When I walked in, it reminded me of other restaurants in the valley in the sense that it's cozy, warm and full of *gasp* snowbirds! The restaurant was hopping with visitors which is a great sign in this economy. They told us the wait would be about 20 minutes, but we weren't even half way done with our beers when they called our name, actually our beeper started buzzing. The dining room is warm and welcoming. It's crowded in there but once you sit in your seat, you easily forget about those surrounding you. The booths are high and comfortable. The staffers are friendly and attentive but not overbearing. For food, we began with the crab dip. It came out fresh, hearty and inviting us to dig into it. I liked to see how they gave us small bread slices instead of chips or a large chunk of bread to break off. The crab dip was tasty and savory enough that I could have a little and was still satisfied. Now the menu here is pretty overwhelming because you can pretty much choose anything in any food group to eat based on this menu. But, I ended up going for the fish tacos. I don't quite know what kind of fish was in the tacos but they were filling and satisfying. I didn't try the ribs but caught a glimpse of them and if they tasted anything like they looked, then those are some delicious ribs! So to end my tale about my introduction to the Village Tavern, this is a great neighborhood restaurant that I'd happily visit again."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323c20),"This place is definitely a sports bar. Can get pretty crowded before game time as it is a couple of streets from Chase Field (where the Diamondbacks lose...er, play) and America West Arena (or whatever its called this week - where Los Suns play!). The food is pretty good and reasonably priced. Sometimes Dan Majerle, owner and former Suns player, will come through. Its fun to watch him grope the female servers (please tip those girls well!). I'd suggest it for smaller games and for nights when there is no game, too busy on game nights to really enjoy."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323d0f),"Drop what you're doing and drive here. After I ate here I had to go back the next day for more.  The food is that good.This cute little green building may have gone competely unoticed if I hadn't been driving down Palm Rd to avoid construction.  While waiting to turn onto 16th Street the ""Grand Opening"" sign caught my eye and my little yelping soul leaped for joy!  A new place to try!It looked desolate from the outside but when I opened the door I was put at easy by the decor, smell and cleanliness inside.  I ordered dinner for two, to go.  The menu was awesome.  I loved seeing all the variety: poblano peppers, mole, mahi mahi, mushrooms...something wrapped in banana leaves.  It made it difficult to choose something.  Here's what I've had so far: La Condesa Shrimp Burro and Baja Sur Dogfish Shark Taco.  They are both were very delicious meals but the shrimp burro stole the show.  So much flavor.  I snagged some bites from my hubbys mole and mahi mahi burros- mmmm such a delight.  The salsa bar is endless.  I really stocked up.  I was excited to try the strawberry salsa but it was too hot, in fact it all was, but I'm a big wimp when it comes to hot peppers. The horchata is handmade and delicious.  They throw pecans and some fruit in there too which is a yummy bonus!As if the good food wasn't enough to win me over the art in this restaurant sho did!  I'm a sucker for Mexican folk art and Frida Kahlo is my Oprah.  There's a painting of her and Diego hanging over the salsa bar, it's amazing.  All the paintings are great, love the artist."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323588),"Scary things to me:Paris Hilton has a career. Sarah Palin. Really. She's like the new Anita Bryant. My fathers' overgrown eyebrows. Trim, daddy, trim!Droves of high schoolers leaving school just as I'm trying to find Barrio Cafe. Seriously. Like thousands of them. And I couldn't find the damn restaurant. What was I gonna do? Roll down the window (well, not roll down, seriously, who rolls down windows anymore?) and holler out in my best lispy voice, ""Hey, squeeze me fellas, I'm going to a wine tasting at the Barrio Cafe. Y'all know where that is?"" Since all teenagers carry guns, yes, that scared me. Finally. I found it. And entered. Cute. Cozy. Middle of the day, so empty. Great, vibrant art. And a very attentive and friendly staff. Often times at this time of day, restaurants really drop the ball. No ball dropping here.I had La Paloma margarita which is made with a grapefruit soda. Think Squirt and Patron! And after a couple of these babies I was in el bano squirting out that Patron. Dee lish however. I ordered the Enchiladas Del Mar. Enchiladas of the Sea for my non Spanish speaking peeps. You know what? It was good. Not great. And the presentation was somewhat messy. I couldn't find the crab or the scallops (which were the size of the ends of q-tips by the way). They were lost in the sauce and the cheese. But I devoured it as the blue corn tortillas sang to me. My friend had a chickent torta. Big and rustic. Like Janet Reno. She loved it! I will most definitely be back. Hopefully I will not have to navigate through the plethora of pubescent people and hopefullyl I will pick that Barrio menu item that will blow my calcentinas off. Oh. That's blow my socks off. BTW. Adios for now mi yelpitas!"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b5632596f),"It's all about the fish and chips.The four stars, that is.  Light and crisp and moist...  with malt vinegar on the chips.. Ohhh yeah, it's that good.  The other food I've had has been fine  - a couple salads, burger, sandwhich... good, but no shouting from the rooftops.The beer selection works for me (as long as there is Guiness, I'm happy).  Be sure to check out the chalk board in the bar - sometimes they have a ""get a beer for 1 cent if your last name begins with....""  One day the magic letter was ""W"" - no kidding!"
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b563239f0),Apparently I stand corrected and this place is still open. Maybe they were just spraying for crabs when I walked by... It was boarded up.. But now a fully functioning bump and grind. Enjoy.
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323aef),"If iI had known that the official title was ""Gallagher's Food and Fun"" I would have been in here a lot more often when I lived up the street. As it happened, I would come in from time to time to watch the Suns, especially during playoff time, when this place really gets jumpin. For all other intensive purposes, Gallagher's is a reasonably priced, solid sports bar. The food is good but not outstanding, and the staff is friendly but will show you the door in a hurry if you give them problems. If you're in the area and looking to munch on some wings and a beer or two, it's definitely worth a pass through."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b56324850),"Go for the Pumpkin, mix it with Pistachio, meet me on my cloud, I'm in Heaven! I just wish they opened at like 9am when I really need my Mojo the most!"
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b563235f7),"Want some fried rice?  A good size serving of yummy, piping hot Chinese food? Look no further.  As my friend from Bangkok used to say, ""You like these ?  Five bucks"" .  She was talking about jeans, but it's pretty much the same thing."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323a33),"Eden's Grill has to be one of my favorite, and newly discovered Middle Eastern/Mediterranean restaurant in the PHX metro. Located in a sleepy strip mall, close to Artie's Ace, is EG. My partner and I had the opportunity to have dinner here a few weeks ago and we were totally wowed by everything! We started off with the hummus, followed by two orders of the vegetarian plate. The vegetarian plates were huge and featured dolmades, falafel, rice, veggie skewers and veggie patties (2). The vegetarian plate was massive and everything on the plate was delicious. Next time we'll pay the extra $5 and split one Vegetarian Plate instead of getting two. The pita and hummus were fresh and delicious, however, I find EG's hummus to be a a little thick for my preference and they use a heavy dose of tahini in their hummus. Overall, I would totally recommend EG to anyone with an itch for Middle Eastern/Mediterranean food but be warned, they aren't open for lunch on the weekends yet."
ObjectID(5165b71d74c3068b56325e6c),"took mom here for a visit on friday.  overall I like queen creek olive mill. I like that you can enjoy a meal or snack outside.  I like the stuffed olives and even though i didn't do the tour this time, i think that it is a great idea.  so, i have to say in general I'm a fan. with that said.... mom and I had lunch already but the food I did see did not look promising but we did enjoy two small gelatos ( $5.00).  I wish they offered some complimentary bread to sample the olive oils with.  Its a little difficult to find but very cute place to take your mom or friend or anyone who likes olive oil!"
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323478),"Whew. Ever feel like you've been sucked into a black hole where no waitstaff can find you?I and others in my party must have worn our server-repellent tonight. We weren't on her radar AT ALL. Spoke to the manager, and she was apologetic, which was good. She comped our desserts.Speaking of which, I found a chunk of chicken in my pizzooki. Chicken. I could not stop laughing! This meal was like the Charlie Brown of meals. Nothing went right!Good grief!"
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b5632422a),"Ended up spending $40 on a margarita, three beers, and one entree during happy hour. (I still tipped, the waiter was friendly and it's not his fault everything but the Corona tasted like a sweaty butt crack).The dark bock microbrew tastes like bitter, cheap sake and smelled like margarita mix. The regular margaritas taste like corn syrup and wetnaps. The food was average and way overpriced. The red sauce tastes like spicy, water potting soil. I ate some of my sister's food as I didn't even order anything because they were charging $16 for a freaking chicken fajita. But the worst thing was the swarm of flies buzzing around our table on the newly-enclosed patio. I was swatting the air like a schizophrenic hobo."
ObjectID(5165b71d74c3068b56325d14),"OK, decent beer selection, but no local beer on tap?  Whats with that?Place has a nice ambience but can be rather claustrophobic, service is good somtimes, and absolutley terrible on other occasions. Some of the pasties are not as good as they sound and can be quite dry.  Be careful when ordering.  The original classic pasty is always a good bet. Good yet short happy hour & a creative atlternative to the average corner pub. Could be better, could be 5 stars!"
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b5632363b),"Yummy, Yummy, Yummy! I've been coming to this place regularly for about 5 years, from the time that my wife and I were a couple, to having a newborn baby and now a toddler.The food has without fail been good. The only bad experience I had was when I decided to be adventurous and try some unfamiliar authentic Vietnamese dishes. What can I say - some flavors don't translate across cultures...The staff are nice, without being in your face friendly like at a American casual dining restaurant.Top recommendations - The Shrimp and Pork Spring rolls for a starterEither the Bun, or the lemon grass beef for a main dish. (As a fair warning to you, the lemon grass beef can have a high sodium content if you're sensitive to it)"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b5632541f),"I was watching a Judge Judy show today and JJ was really giving the business to this loser (you know...had bad credit, met a chick, she took a credit card in her name, he didn't pay her back, she's shocked, now they're in court)...she was RIDING his ass. It was awesome. Finally she said ""what planet are you from?""...Dude with mullet bows his head, darts his eyes from JJ and says ""Why, I'm from Wisconsin Judge Judy"".LMAO!Culver's, by way of the Dairy State, has settled on Camelback and Central. Rickie and I ate here after seeing Date Night on our ""date night"". Thought it was a cute, innocent, 1950s way to wrap up our afternoon. You know, kinda like Richie and Laurie Beth. Please, I need to check ID's on this reference. I'm sure Rickie wouldn't pass this one!Culver's was very clean with well trained and polite employees...think In N Out. We ordered the famous Butter Burgers along with various sides. Burgers. Yum! Sides. Ugh! Would rather have had Ore Ida. Cheese curds had a thick, icky overcooked batter with a Q tip sized cheese curd, fries were limp and sad (kind of like Jesse James career and life now) and the chicken tenders were standard fast food fare.Root Beer! Outstanding! Smoothie was OK...probably should have went with a good old fashion malt. But who knew?We had a fabulous booth across from a large open window with a fantastic Sunday breeze cooling our curds. I would go back for a burger and root beer. I might even wear a Packers or Brewers t shirt...just to see if I get some free stuff."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b56324711),"i went last week with my wife and two kids. the burger was ok, the meat was not as flavorful as say smash burger or delux. the kids didnt eat, as they are not hot dog or hamburger fans. i was hoping that they served pizza like the other location. the frys were good crispy hot, and tasty. long story short, we were the only ones there and the cook messed up the one burger that we ordered. i talked to the lady who looked to be the owner/manager and expressed my concerns. i will try it again, this time without the kids. At this price point the burger was not saved by the great mushrooms, and tasty frys. smash burger is at the same price, and their burger was by far tastier."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323532),"""My Big Fat Greek Restaurant"" just started serving breakfast. I love breakfast. I love food. And now I love MBFGR. Patti and I went this morning and it was great. You know, it's normal breakfast fare, but with a greek influence, the ambiance (at Shea and Tatum anyway), the presentation (nice table settings and side items, described below) and the great preparation, it was a step above our usual destinations.I had the obligatory gyro omelet, with an included side of pancakes (one of a couple of options). Included as a surprise on the plate was a mini-muffin and a fresh fruit bowl (small, but just perfect). The pancakes were dusted with powdered sugar and, somewhere in or under the cakes was a little bit of cinnamon-flavored applesauce (maybe an unwelcomed surprise to some, but it was great). The fried country potatoes with onions and such were fresh and hot and complimented the perfectly-cooked omelet stuffed with good gyro meat and feta.All that on the square, greek-themed plates made for a breakfast feast. I hope their upcoming advertising will bring in enough business to continue their breakfast offerings as a supplement to the regular dining hours, one of which we occupied the other night with a gyro salad and baba ghanoush that was equally great. Opa! Try to make it!"
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323f22),"Well, a disclaimer here..I am a biased reviewer.  I worked at Hava from 5/99-12/02.It is everything I want in a coffee house.  Quality coffee drinks made so you can taste the coffee.  It is not over roasted like the chains.  The munchies are passable.  This has always been of secondary importance here.  I mean...if you are a coffee drinker do you really care that the muffins are the cream of the crop?  Probably not.  Do not get me wrong there is nothing bad about the munchies it is just that it is always just better than average.That's A-O-K in my book though.  The staff is usually top notch.  Given the demands of a small staff, a high energy coffee house, demanding (in a good way) clientle, and the need for mad social skills there is a dichotomy of employees there.  On one hand there are employees that are like myself..there for many years and on the other many who only last a week or two.  Once an employee fits in they can be counted on to give you great personalized service and high quality coffee drinks.Honestly, if you are a seasoned coffee drinker you will prefer to hit this place on the Camelback Corridor rather than the chain places.  Sure, you may have to wait a little bit longer, but that will give you more time to witness the denizens of Hava.  There is a tight knit, and large, regular crowd who take time out of their days to spend time at hava.  You'll see why they do and you'll start to make extra time for the daily visits in your routine.If you read this say hey to Jake on the coffee cart out front and tell them Chris from San Fran sent ya.Cheers!"
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323d21),"Every time I come to Phoenix, I eat here. $5.99 for a hummus pita with a side salad. Imad took great care of me; so engaging. This is amazing hummus and pita bread. Tucked away in Old Town in a corner shopping center, it has outdoor seating too. I always sit in one of the little tables inside the order area; didn't realize till this past visit there was actually a bigger sitting area! I should branch out and order something else...but I won't because I seriously enjoy their hummus pita!! This beats the $120 I forked over at a sushi place this visit."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b563238a3),"Had my first twin peaks experience last weekend. Here's my review:1. ""Scenic Views"" - Excellent!  The girls are hot and also personable (at least our waitress was personable).  I joked with my friends that they must recruit at eating disorder clinics as the only chunky girls or girls with any fat or cellulite in the place were customers. The waitresses here stop to chit chat with their customers not just drop off food and drinks and run.  2.  Sports watching: Good.  Lots of TVs ring the bar. we were there to watch Sunday NFL games and all 5 of us have different favorite teams and we were all able to see a TV from our table that had our respective games on them.  Of course you're only getting sound from the big draw game going on but that's everywhere.3.  Food:  Average/Fair: Nothing memorable, and not a very big selection of food offerings.  The waitresses, who BTW are very good promoters & up-sellers of their food and products, definitely make the limited menu items sound better than they actually were. Not that the food was disappointing or bad, it was just a little over exaggerated/oversold. I and a couple others had hangover burgers which is an average burger with a fried egg on it,  Burgers comes with fries which are the thick steak fry kind and they are seasoned. For the price it would've been nice if it had a couple more topping options were offered with the burger, but how it came out was adequate. My friend had the Philly cheese steak which I had part of.  Now a disclaimer: I'm from Philly originally so rarely do I give a cheese steak outside of the Philly/NJ?NY area a positive review because so often they are missing one or more important parts of what makes a good Philly Cheese Steak.  Twin Peak's version was no exception...I'd call it a decent cheese steak but not a good Philly Cheese Steak.  Another friend had the pork nachos which were good. We had to send something back to the kitchen (not me) due to temperature not being warm enough, but that was quickly rectified  4. Beer: Good! Had their Hefeweizen which was cold and tasty. Only negative was when the bill for me and my girlfriend's portion came, the waitress had my GF down for 3 big beers instead of the 2 beers she actually ordered. When I brought this to the waitress' attention, she first tried to convince me that she was almost 100% positive my GF had ordered that many beers, however my GF is tiny and she would've been on the floor if she had that many beers in that short amount of time.  Finally the waitress had her manager remove the unordered beer from the bill, but was kind of surprised the waitress argued with us initially.  So I'd go back for the beers, game watching & scenic views.  I'll probably eat elsewhere though before I go."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b563236ac),"Yum, yum and yum!  A neighbor introduced me to this gem and am I certainly appreciative!  This is not a bass-thumping sushi mega-factory, but a small inviting space where the food is the feature attraction.  Everything I tried was fresh and perfectly presented.  Five stars, easy!"
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323a41),"First off, it's a great looking bar which has a supreme location right in the heart of Old Town. We stopped by last night to meet a friend for drinks and to have a look around. This is the first bar in town (that I know of) with beer taps built right into the tables (Coors & XX). I will be back to sample the grub soon enough. Another excellent addition to Scottsdale's nightlife!"
ObjectID(5165b71d74c3068b56325fde),"Gross, repulsive, appauling, disgusting, overrated, dirty, should be shut down by the CDC.  You get the jist?"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324f6c),"i'm the first to admit it -- i give Italian food in general a half-hearted shrug and an ""eh."" i'm not hatin', i just never, ever crave an Italian meal (unless it's my ma's meatballs, she's pretty great at making those).so, when a group of co-workers picked this place for a bday lunch i was prepared for a shrug-able meal with nothing of importance to note.the sign is easy to miss under a growth of greenery, so keep your eyes peeled. plenty of parking, but that was because 1. we got there about 1120 and it opens at 11; and 2. i was warned in advance that this place is almost always dead during lunch. but a big parking lot nonetheless, something that might appeal to you since Postino's is next door and often a parking or waiting nightmare.the dining area is what i call a parents' fancy-factor dream: linen tablecloths, pre-set stemware and bread plates. spacious, and sure enough, we were the only patrons. server was Italiano through and through, nice, helpful and attentive. three paninis were ordered (2 caprese and a filet mignon) and i *tried* to order the caprese app (simple plate of tomato, basil and mozz, i wasn't very hungry). even went so far as point to it and mention that it should come out with the other orders. i say tried because i ended up with the chicken caprese salad somehow. chicken wasn't very good, unfortunatley, a lot of chewy rubbery bits and not very flavorful. the greens ...i don't know how to describe that i didn't like the mix, but i felt like i had to do a lot of picking through to get a good bite. dressing was scant but tasted good, mozzarella was clearly the star -- soft, light and flavorful (and made in house, someone mentioned, but don't hold me to that).the rest of the party RAVED about their paninis, so if i found myself back (not going to go out of my way) i would def go that route. all in all, it was a nicer stop for a professional lunch that was quiet, low key and with good food."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b5632552a),"Cute and casual lunch option.// LOCATION // Just outside the Scottsdale Mall // SERVICE // You order at the counter, are given a number, and seat yourself. Drinks are self-serve as well at their awesome digital Coca Cola soda dispenser// FOOD //      + Chicken salad sandwich: Fabulously fresh. It same consistency as tuna salad which kind of throws you off     + Pasta salad: Fresh and refreshing without being overly dressed     + Beef roll ups: Ate these 3 hours later and they were still super tasty. The meat is very tender     + Greek salad dressing: Simple yet delish with olive oil and red wine vinegar. There is a bottle on every table so that you can help yourself"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325446),"First impressions, I was thinking Burmese food was going to be just like Thai food after first glance at the menu. But I was wrong! We ordered the Green Tea leaf salad for starters.....don't let the look of it scare you. It tasted pretty nutty to my surprise. We also had the ""Tobu"" salad which was the BEST tofu I have ever had. They don't use Chinese tofu, they use their own Burmese style tofu which was creamy and soooo tasty. I don't know if it was the slightly spicy sauce they used but it was fantastic. I could eat that ""salad"" (no lettuce in this salad) everyday!My entree was the curry with halibut, which I ordered with the coconut rice. The halibut was cooked perfectly but I ordered the mild curry and I could of gone hotter, so I thought it lacked a little flavor from what I am used to in curries. The coconut rice was worth despite the added calories. Everyone else ordered meat dishes so I didn't get a chance to try them but  they seemed to love them and couldn't stop talking about how flavorful it all was. I will defiantly be back to ""Burma"" when I am craving tofu...which could be everyday! This place is closed on Mondays........"
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323367),"This isn't your typical Mexican restaurant that puts cheese and sour cream on everything. The food here is light, simple, and fresh. We started out with the guacamole which was amazing. My sister doesn't even like mandarin oranges but it tasted so good in the guacamole she was eating it like it was going out of style. The salsa that came with it was the bomb. One was a spicy red salsa and the other one was a tomatillo salsa. The green one was so good I wanted to drink it. I ordered the chorizo and eggs and my sister ordered a couple of tacos with rice and beans. Everything tasted great and I even had room for dessert after my meal. We had some kind of carmel, banana, crepe thing. It doesn't look like much but it was one of the best desserts I've ever had. Gallo Blanco is my new obsession."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324967),"This place is essentially a copy of the old Father's Office (www.fathersoffice.com) in Brentwood, CA.  It took me a while to get over that fact and give it a decent try.  Among the things Delux has copied from FO is the famous ""Office Burger,"" which Delux calls the ""Delux Burger.""  They also bring out the fries in a shopping cart just like Father's Office.  What Delux fails to copy, however, is the quality of the food and the high-end nature of the original.  At FO, the wines changed weekly and are all incredibly rare selections.  The beers at FO also tend towards the more obscure.  Delux seems to concentrate almost exclusively on beers and does have a decent selection, but nothing you can't find elsewhere.  Wines are available, but as an afterthought, and definitely not of the quality served at FO.  For Phoenicians who never experienced the joys associated with the original Father's Office, you're missing out.  It's like being an Eric Clapton fan but not even knowing who Muddy Waters is.  But all the imitation aside, I have to say that Delux does a pretty good job with everything and they have taken the FO concept and adapted it to the PHX strip mall environment.  Food wise, everything I have tried was ok.  They did change their sweet potato fries a year or two ago because the other ones weren't ""crispy"" enough.  The problem is that these new crispier ones have no flavor.  When they were testing out the new fries, the manager asked me and a friend to opine and we told him the truth: We said the new ones are flavorless.  I guess we were the only ones who thought so because they went ahead with that change.  That lost them 1 star from this review.  I would rather have the soggier more flavorful ones (who knows how they make these new ones so crispy anyways?).  When I go here, it's almost always out of convenience and late at night.  Not many places of this caliber stay open until 2 am, so it's about all there is when you are in need of a late night meal in this part of town.  Their 2 star rating is based on: clearly knocking off one of my favorite places, Father's Office (minus 1 star) and for ignoring my feedback on the new crispy tasteless sweet potato fries (minus 1 star).  They also lose a star for retaining the FO prices but substituting Phoenix strip mall quality."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325306),"Best Hawaiian in town, this place was a staple for me in the college years.  I could live off the manapua.  The humble decor leaves you in for an even better surprise when you taste the food.  Had a friend that lived in Hawaii for several years and he said the food here was just like home.  They have music on some days and advertise cultural events happening in the valley.  Fun, cheap, good eats."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324cc5),"I met a friend of mine here for lunch the other day.  She has raved about this Indian food place that she said I had to try.  I used to live in the Bay Area of California, and I had some of the best Indian food while I was there, so I was a little skeptical that I would find something good here in Arizona.  My friend was right, the food here is awesome.I liked the variety of naan that they had here, from plain to garlic to whole wheat.  We got the whole wheat, which soaked up the yummy goodness of the sauce that came with my lamb masala.  This dish was just spicy enough, very flavorful, and the lamb was super tender.  My friend is a veggie and got the dal makhani, which my carnivorous self actually found quite tasty.  And to top it all off, they had some chai tea that was out of this world.  It's a far cry from the sweetened chai stuff that you get at Starbucks, very flavorful.The service here was very great and attentive.  I'm not sure how this place would be around the dinner hour, but for lunch we were seated quickly and served quickly as well despite quite a few people being there.  I can't wait to come back!"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325035),I was sick of fast food and I needed to eat something different for lunch today . A coworker mentioned Lemongrass and I had one of the best meals of my life. I ordered the pad thai and every bite was amazing. I didn't know that pad thai could taste that good. This is going to be my new lunch spot I can't wait to try everything off the menu! If you are in the area give Lemongrass Thai Cuisine a try.
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324f39),"I thought that opening night would be packed at the new Canal Restaurant.  This is the first Restaurant to open up at Jennifer Croll's and Fred Unger's concept Southbridge/Mix Shops.  I was wrong...The restaurant was no busy maybe over the course of being there for about two hours they had sat 10 tables.  The lack of patrons was due to a ""soft opening"".  What is with Scottsdale and all of these ""soft openings""?  This is why the majority of restaurants go out of business.  Back to the review:  Walking into Canal, the place had a swanky feel...walking through the bar section to get to the hostess you can see the large white glass wall with pictures constantly changing and you walk past the catwalk...this will be used for fashion shows once the shops are opened.  I sat down to look at the wine menu, and this was done ""scrapbook style"".  I found this to be a bit tacky.  Apparently, the staff had made this wine book on there own.  It would have been nice for a private restaurant, but for a new swanky restaurant here in Scottsdale, it just looked terrible.  I ordered a Malbec and my friends had the Adult lemonade.The food menu looked fantastic, I was equally excited to try the food.  My friends and I ordered: Ahi Three Ways, House-made Parmesan fries, Ahi Nicoise; and the Grilled Cheese & Soup.  One word: YUMMY!!!  Everything was fantastic...flavorful, nice portions..Chef Beckett has really done well in his new kitchen. With time this new eatery will only get better...with their patio under construction and the mix shops, Canal will be a great place for food, fun and fashion."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b563257ca),Had lunch here with Robyn N. and Rand H. the place was nice with lots of friendly staff. I had the pig mac and the rattle snake sausage (python no rattlesnake today) Well the food was ok but not outstanding and I think it was not worth the price. If the order would have come with fries i would have given them another star. Ate there an hour ago and I am hungry already.
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323af5),"This is the only Hot Pot spot in AZ that I know of. The food is excellent along with the service. I recommend the YinYang broth as well. It's a nice leisurely dinner where you can spend a few hours eating, chatting, drinking, eating, chatting, drinking. It makes for a very pleasant experience.I have seen a lot of ""too expensive"" comments. I guess it's all relative. My friend and I ate there and ordered Wagyu, lobster, rib eye, bok choy, noodles, snow pea leaves, and bamboo. We dined for 2 hours and the total bill with tip was like $25/ea. I have no problem paying that for good food and this was good food.Now if you typically dine at Hometown Buffet, or any buffet for that matter, you may want to opt for McDonalds or an Oriental All-You-Can-Eat joint."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323a02),"I read reviews on yelp for sushi places in Phoenix area before picking one, so my husband & I could go there while we were there for a vacation.This one poped up as the nicest and best food reviews. So, we were quite surprised to see it was tucked in the middle of a strip center (between a Dollar Tree and Subway!). We almost had the taxi keep driving and go somewhere else.Luckily we didn't. It is a very small place, but very warm and cozy and romantic as well. We had exceptional service the entire night and great sushi dishes! We went off the recommendations of our waitress and loved everything. We went with the tapas style menu, with smaller portions, and had 5-6 different dishes. I don't remember the names of all of the dishes we tried, but most were raw sushi with light sauces, absolutely delicious! Then the last one was a hot seafood plate with shrimp, clams, squid, etc. THEN they take the sauce left, after we finished the plate, back into the kitchen to make a small dish of risotto with it and served it to us...Perfection!One negative comment. I love seaweed salad and they only serve the kind with mostly cucumbers. I was very dissappointed, as I do not like cucumbers, and getting the salad without the cucumbers was not an option. We would absolutely go back here, though, and eat again."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323a7c),"I am by no means a Korean food connoisseur.  In fact, I can probably count the number of authentic Korean meals I've had on my fingers... and maybe a few toes.Chodang was such a fun experience.  I enjoyed the food and the company.  After all, I was there with a group of yelpers!  I thought the service was decent and so was the atmosphere... gotta love the music they play!  The portions are large and the prices are affordable, but nothing about my experience blew me away.  I did appreciate that upon my request, the put a fried egg on my bi bim bop.  (I highly recommend doing this!)  I shared the BBB and a jop chi noodle dish with my husband... we also tried some of the meat dishes and ribs, and of course we chowed on the traditional Korean side dishes such as kim chi, bean sprouts, seaweed, etc...  We left with full bellies and leftovers, which was great.But would I drive 30 minutes out of my way to return?  I'm not sure... However, if you are in the Chandler area and craving Korean, stop by Chodang and enjoy!"
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323d62),"Your typical Mexican chain restaurant in the suburbs.  It's good when you need your chips and salsa fix, but don't take the date here if you want to impress.The back patio is the place to be especially when you're sneaking in a margarita at lunch.  It's got misters, shade, and a view of a playa lake.  It almost makes you forget you're in the burbs."
ObjectID(5165b71d74c3068b56325dc8),"It felt like every single step was a battle:-Entrees arrived before appetizer, despite a ten minute difference in ordering.-The waitress was fairly useless in discussing vegetarian options. ""Pasta with butter and lemon, or pasta with butter and pepper.""-Entrees could barely be described as lukewarm. By the time I tried a taste of a friend's dish, it was absolutely cold. At this stage in our wait and annoyance, we were so hungry we just ate it.-Wrong appetizer arrived after we were done with the meal: ""I can just leave you this one instead and not charge anything.""-After the second appetizer mistake, the waitress ran by and told us ""1.5 minutes until your mozzarella is done.""  She was extremely specific. Over five minutes later, it was served. Awesome and easily the best part of the meal, but still barely warm. Thankfully, she left it off the ticket.-As the ticket arrived, we realized every single other table had recieved bread but us.You could tell the quality of the food is amazing, but the temperature, lackluster service, and severe disorganization were a major issue.  I thought they were still in their first week of service and was surprised to realize that the establishment is not that new.I am all for artwork in its appropriate time and place and no not feel like we need to gloss over the less pleasant portions of our past, but I don't need portraits of Jim Jones, Timothy McVeigh, and the American military staring me down over pasta.  It's appropriate in a gallery, but feels distasteful in this setting and holds the potential to alienate customers. Can you imagine being a victim of the Oklahoma City bombing and stepping into PastaBAR unaware? The potential here is enormous.I've been debating whether to review now or wait for a second visit, since I prefer to make more than one visit before publicly making a statement. There was, however, little positive to say about PastaBAR except ""I can tell the food WOULD have been amazing"". After a $60 bill for three -- ""appetizer"", one espresso, one bottled beer, and three entrees -- we had to eat again at Denny's a few hours later, since they were essentially the only other people still serving food in the area at that hour."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323b93),"So I have been having the  albacore Tuna at this joint for about 6 years, Last night we went and we had it again, so we must like it, I think it is the mixture of the crunchy water chestnuts , julienned celery,"" just right amount"" of  mayo along with the mild spices  served with lettuce ,tomato, your choice of cheese and mustard,makes this sooo enjoyable, You choose your bread, we always get it on a french roll( crisp on outside , soft on inside)YOU know eat the healthy tuna on the not so healthy french bread, but it sure does taste great.They have a great vegetarian pita, My friend raves about it every time,The menu is extensive about 20 sandwiches, salads and  usually 3-4 soups a day . On Fridays - Sunday they do have musical guest performing on the patio, I nice relaxing evening.Can get a little pricey, but I nice place to  eat."
ObjectID(5165b71d74c3068b56325e3c),"This may be fiction.  I don't know for sure.  Here's what I pretty much think happened.The other night I was at a bar.  two days later I heard that it was Turf.  So I'm gonna go with it.  In body I was there, however my mind was suffering under an oppressive weight called alcohol that blurred pretty much every little thing that happened.For example: did I really find myself screaming piano man at the top of my lungs, to rapturous applause from the rest of the bar?  every time I tried to stop, I was goaded forth into the next verse?  (did the piano indeed sound like a carnival?)Was I really and truly told assuredly that I was gay?  Did I really have an argument for what felt like hours with a fair-eyed girl who has severe trust issues and one fucked up gaydar?  despite the wedding ring and total pudgy married-guy look did I still come across as gay?  (my wife tells me that it can only be the broadway rendition of a billy joel song.  I begrudgingly concede)Did I really hear someone who claimed to be a teacher misrepresent the very definition of a parallelogram?  Did she really say that a parallelogram could not have right angles?  Did I really scoff right at her and throw down the argument-crushing example of the square (QED biatch!)?  Evidently I did, because I do remember her backing me into a corner and beating my ass with a relentless barrage of haymakers, both rights and lefts, that left me bruised like a second-rate (albeit mathematically-savvy) prizefighter the next day.  Her-110 lbs at the very most, me twice that and then some on the most gravitationally-forgiving day, and I had no response but to cower in my own fucked-up rendition of the rope-a-dope.Her: ""flex your stomach so I can hit you.""Me: ""Are you joking?  that's me, flexing.""  (#fat)so I can tell you little to nothing about turf--I genuinely can't say for sure if that was the place we were at.  But since I asked right when I got there if I was allowed to yell, and the bartender said yes, yell to your heart's delight! I have to say four stars.  I would have said 5 but that looks really out of line with the rest of these reviews..."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b56324569),"I just had to update my review to five stars because this place is THAT good. Seriously.We now have a new weekly meet up called #ThaiTuesday (or the occasional #ThaiThursday) and I cannot imagine living a week without this delicious treat. In fact, this week I had it Tuesday and Friday. Plus I will be back Monday and then again next Thursday. I guess you could say I am addicted.This is the first restaurant I have been a ""regular"" at.. and I love that they know my exact order. Although I am having a splendid love affair with the yellow curry (medium-hot) today I also got the Kao Pad with Tofu... its my new obsession!The Buddhas delight appetizer is amazing too. Deep fried tofu wedges with a spicy sweet peanut sauce. MMM MmmMMM.Do yourself a favor and compliment your meal with a pot of jasmine hot tea too!"
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b563245d6),"Great food!  Tried the mufaletta sandwich with ass'd italian cold cuts and an olive tapenade.  Like everything else, it was freshly made and made with care.  I generally don't like sandwiches much, but this one hit the spot.  Half of it filled me up so they wrapped the rest to take home, but the other half didn't even last until dinner. I couldn't imagine what they could do to make things better there...maybe start serving breakfast?I have, however, come to the conclusion that the folks that work there are pure evil disguised in aprons.  How else could you explain the way they ever so sweetly point out the most delectable treats to tempt you?  ""Have you seen how big our rice krispie treats are?""  ""There's a pound of fruit in our cobblers if you want your kids to eat more fruit""  Oh, I'm on to you!"
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323c98),this place is amazing! i wish it wasnt 25 mins away from me!! the acai tart is soo good. im addicted. i go there 3-4 times a week! there was a different place about 5 mins from me and i didnt wanna drive so i tried them and it was NO WHERE near as good at them! so glad this place is around! im not even a huge ice cream or yogurt person and i LOVE it!
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b5632421c),"I'm not a red meat eater, but my best friend was in town and was craving a steak. I had no idea where to take her. Another friend suggested this place because it was close and she had only been here for drinks. We decided to be adventurous and give it a shot. The friend who suggested the place decided to meet us.We were seated immediately and although I was a little disappointed that we were seated in the hallway, next to the kitchen door and across from two other tables that we had to face because our table was horseshoe shaped, the seats were far back enough that the kitchen door didn't bother me. I was still a little conscientious of the other two tables with people staring at us though. Strike one.... horrible table.  Get it out of there.Strike one was redeemed with a fabulous waiter. He was attentive, and we never had empty glasses or plates once we ordered. We received bread, appetizers, salads, entrees and refills with no hitch. I wasn't impressed with the appetizer, but it wasn't their fault. I just can't see myself ever having shrimp with cheese ever again. I thought it was weird when I ordered it, but was curious. Curiosity satisfied.We received our salads and entrees and dug in. My friend's steak was cooked to her liking and loved her seafood with it. She said everything was what she was craving and expecting. Coming from her, that's a huge complement. My other friend was equally happy with her slab of meat.My entree was the chicken oscar, which has shrimp and scallops on top in a Bearnaise sauce. Took one bite of the scallops and shrimp.... oh my. Yummmmm. Scallops were cooked perfectly. I love scallops that melt in your mouth. The vegetables were cooked perfectly. Still crispy, not over-cooked. Then I get to the chicken and this is where strike two happens. The chicken was so salty that I couldn't even finish the second bite. Luckily, I was full from the veggies, scallops and shrimp and mashed potatoes I ate. When the waiter asked if he could take my plate and I said yes, he asked if there was something wrong with the chicken. So, being honest, I told him. At this point, I'm full, fat, dumb and happy so I declined his offer to replace it with something else. Then here's where they redeemed themselves on strike two. Even though I told him it was unnecessary, the manager came over and apologized to all three of us. He looked at me and said he comped my salad and entree and then offered all three of us desserts and coffees on the house. He explained the saltiness comes from the rub the cooks use and he's asked them before not to use so much. I barely heard this because I was still astounded that not only is my entire meal free, but now desserts for all three of us too? And coffee? Who am I to turn down free coffee???Then the manager asked me something I love to hear: Do you have any allergies? WHY YES I DO! NUTS!  He explained that I should not get these certain desserts and offered me all the nut free options. I asked him if I could marry him. It's been too long since someone in a restaurant asked me this before I could say something.I would go back for another dinner. I know how to modify my meal to my satisfaction now. I would also recommend this place to my friends and family."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b5632511a),"Friend said, hey they have the best wings in town.  Mmmm.  I go wherever the wing compass points me and I will eat no wing before its time!Cheesy atmosphere, Hooters girl very immature, she was spending most of her time with what was obviously her friends eating there.  The girls looked skanky, like Highlighter rejects.  Or young white trash trailer mom's in training.  But I don't care much for the so called hotties, I was there to get my wing on.  Then the wings came out, devoid of any sauce, and I ordered medium.  (And the wings are not cut, you get the whole damn wing, I hate that.  I like wings and drummettes not the whole thing).The waitress was no where to be seen for some time, so I called over the manager he got me my sauce and that quieted me for a bit.  Place looked dirty, could smell cigarette smoke from behind the glass doors that gives way to a patio for some very wasted frat looking tards.Horrible wings, stupid sexist concept, overall cruddy experience."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b56324122),"Oh boy.. I usually LOVE LOVE Mucho Gusto.. but NO ME GUSTA today!We got a to go order, perhaps that was mistake numero uno.  I got the nachos.. really, you can't mess those up... Or so I thouhgt! I mean Filiberto's would have been a better choice!  Can you say cold soggy mess.. maybe that was my fault. I will accept the blame. I really should have known better. Mistake numero dos... What do you call Shrimp Cocktail with out the shrimp?? Bad Service! Lack of quality control....Really.. Really? You forgot the shimp? How do you do that.... Better question WHO DOES THAT?Mistake numero tres...lemme just say burned tasting chips (as opposed to my soggy nacho chips) and left an acrid taste in ones mouth and the most offending guacamole that I have ever had. Let me just say that my co worker and I eat here frequently enough that we can order for each other. We also know to order our guacamole with out the Grand Marnier galze thingy on top.  Mucho Gusto you mucho FAILED me today.  I hate leaving a bad review without first compaining to management so expect a phone call from me shortly."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b5632374c),"Went for a weekday lunch with the boyfriend because this place was so highly recommended by Matt S (who is  currently""The Duke"" here on Yelp's new check-in app). We barely found this place because it's tucked into the corner of a strip mall, right next to a pet groomer and a preschool/daycare. Once we walked in, we noticed that they have a covered patio as well as indoor dining. The tables are covered in butchers block paper (and they gave markers to the tables with kids... although none for me? Hmmmm... I am a kid at heart. Note: I shall ask for markers next time). I ordered the Deli Sub (ham, salami, and peperoni adorned with veggies, oils, and mayo). #nom. This sandwich was huge, which was maybe my biggest complaint. I literally could not smash the sandwich down enough to fit it in my mouth... I had to pull a bit of the meat off, which made me feel sad for those slices of delicious meaty goodness. For my side, I ordered the pasta salad, which was good (maybe too many onions for my taste, but still good). And, for dessert, I ordered a scoop of their homemade ice cream - brown sugar & cinnamon flavor. Double #nom. The service was great. Our waitress was very attentive, checking back on us several times throughout the meal. The 2 other staff that were there at the time also pitched in by clearing plates, which shows that they are a great time and they were laughing with each other which makes for a great atmosphere."
ObjectID(5165b71d74c3068b56325d0c),"When I told my mom I just paid $11 plus tax for a plate of daal, she yelled back over the phone in total angry brown mother voice.""Vaaaaat?! Are you stupid? Why would anyone pay 11 dollar for daal? Maybe if it had gold flakes. Otherwise, no. This is like stupid place we went to all the time long time ago.""See, when I was a little kid, stupid place was an Indian restaurant called Gaylords in San Francisco's Fisherman's Wharf because back then, it was one of the only Indian restaurants in the entire Bay Area (yes, the irony that there was a restaurant called Gaylords in San Francisco that had nothing to do with gays or lords has not escaped me). The food was mediocre. And whack expensive. But people still kept coming. Clueless tourists who had no idea what Indian food should taste like and brown people craving for anything remotely resembling something from the motherland.And so I hate to say this, but Jewel of the Crown is the Phoenix metropolitan area's Gaylords. Because blase lentils have no business costing double digits. Actually, every vegetarian dish is double digits. Potatoes and peas? $11. Curried eggplant? $11! ""But it's expensive because it's so amazing,"" you say.Nope. I've tried around 8 dishes here and the food is pretty much standard fare. Which, if you're a carnivore,  kind of sucks when each dish is $15. Indian restaurants aren't supposed to break your bank, but this place does it with panache. It's kind of like a relic of a bygone era, when it was one of the only Indian restaurants in the Valley, and therefore could get away with its prices and somewhat discombobulated service. But with a new Indian restaurant practically opening every week, there aren't really all that many compelling reasons to go here, especially since it charges twice as much for each dish than everywhere else. Service was standard, so it must be the location you're paying for (which admittedly is nice).My recommendation: If a sudden intense craving for Indian hits you while you're meandering around the Scottsdale Civic Center, I'd say eat here and go to town. Otherwise, for a better value with your money and probably better food, head elsewhere. Your wallet and your taste buds will thank you for it.Overall, somewhere between 2.5 and 3 stars."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b563235aa),"I have been to Pita Jungle 5 or 6 times and although its tasty, I wouldnt say that it is amazing. The food is normally good, but never really filled with flavor, and I frequently find myself disappointed in their hummus.I like being able to sit indoors or out. No complaints but no raves, either."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b563254e6),"Found this place by just driving down the road at lunch. A few cars near by so I decided to stop in. It was a Wednesday at lunch time. Greeted fairly fast by someone wearing a chef outfit. Sat right down. Ordered off the lunch menu ($6.99 and up) which included soup, rice, and an egg roll. I had the garlic chicken. Delicious! It cleaned my nose right out (spicy). It was derived very fast, too. My colleague enjoyed his lunch, too. You can get fresh fish, lobster, crab, etc as they have them there! Prices are posted on the wall no no surprises. The waitress was not that sensitive to the fact we were working gents on lunch break so she was about as laid back as the senior citizens that were dining in at the same time we were. Always kept the water full, though. Will be part of a regular rotation at lunch. Excited to go back and try something else!"
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b5632351b),Yummy coffee and breakfast burrito. The fresh roasted tomato salsa is the kicker...get it on whatever you have for breakfast!
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b56324662),Good food and good service in a convenient location to South Mountain.  Great place for a weekend breakfast!
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325464),"I absolutely love Chompies! It's the closest thing to a New York style deli that I have found in Phoenix. They have a very large and extensive menu and everything I've ordered has been really good.They also have an amazing bakery that offers a very large assortment of tasty treats such as black and white cookies, red velvet cake, enormous ??clairs, napoleons, and New York style cheese cake.I'd say that my favorite thing on the menu is the pastrami sandwich, although I recently tried the Jewish Sliders after seeing them on Man vs. Food. The sliders were really good, unlike any slider I have ever had. The challah bread and potato pancake gave these sliders a very unique flavor, very tasty. I also tried the Western Sliders and those are good as well. Although I live closer to their new location in Chandler, I still go to the Tempe location because of the hot ASU waitresses.Chompies is the best!"
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323b8d),"As many of the reviewers, I heard about Over Easy on Food Network's ""Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives"" and decided I needed to check this place out. I unfortunately was not greeted by the jolly chef I saw on TV, but I was greeted by what I presume to be the same breakfast dishes he inspired. It was an interestingly unique atmosphere with good service and great food! It was very busy and did take us a little while to be seated but my girlfriend and I eventually found our way inside and had a good experience.Keep singing,-Jerron"
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323c8e),"Not too much to add. But must try nevertheless. Second time here, well technically third but the first time it was on a Sunday at 3pm and it was closed. Closed, 3 pm Sunday? That made me a grumpy mumpy, but on the second time/third time when it was open, I was pleased. I mean, Sunday at 3 pm and closed, YIKES!! Where will hipsters look cool and surf on their Mac Books for free or students study for hours while only spending $6? Went yesterday (third time) for a little of the old in and out, or in some circles known as a spot of coffee. Nice coffee shop, I didn't eat anything but had a lovely triple skinny vanilla latte and picked up a bag of their espresso. I love coffee art and my skinny vanilla latte had a touching and semi-inspiring flower shape on it. I immediately rushed home and scoured You tube to learn to make coffee art with my espresso machine. Oh, they make it look so easy, we tried it and are beginning to make progress, (I made the shape of an ink blot on my latte) oh to think some day my latte will have intricate bird shapes and strange Aztec images on our homemade espresso drinks, alas inspired by Lola's. PS. Coffee art is a lot harder than they make it look on You tube. To sum it up, I found it to be a nice caring touch that you don't see at many other coffee shops. The shop itself is really set up nicely and in perhaps one of the best central corridor locations possible. Off the light rail and in the heart of Cen Pho, it is strategically perfect. The down side you ask? The hours are Wimpy, Wimpy, Wimpy. One would expect later hours with a central-downtown-hip-urbane -Coffee shop of this caliber? I think the hours are indicative of an inherent conundrum to what ails Central Phoenix as a whole (although improving). Things are just not open late enough to be considered a World Class City. Hopefully, they will have longer hours as time goes on? Otherwise, I am a fan of Lola's!"
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323df2),"I took my significant other here for a date while in town & was impressed with the following:The popover was absolutely divine! The service was also good.The grilled asparagus YUM!! Not impressed with: I was disappointed with the loudness, I felt as if we were shouting at one another. I wanted a certain featured cocktail only to be informed that they were out of the key ingredient. The caesar salad was mediocre, while the jalepeno  mashed did nothing to my palate. Our steaks we charred something we're not used to being from the Midwest. Not sure if it's an Arizona ""thing"" but I didn't enjoy them at all. The meat was tender but lacked flavor. Would I return ? Probably notI'm giving them 3 stars ONLY because it wasn't a total disaster. For the money I spent I expected better."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325621),"I've heard lots of good things about Luci's over the past few years, and had it on my mental checklist of places to go and check out here in the valley of unique and cool places.  A few months back, they were on Channel 3 during their Saturday morning broadcasts.Parking here's a bit limited, but not bad.  I imagine if you were to come here on a busy week night it might be different, but overall not bad.  I walked in and really liked what I saw.  Cute setup, with a little bit of this and a little bit of that. Healthy without the feeling of eating or being sold bark instead of real food.I initially wanted dinner, but decided on a bagel with cream cheese instead.  Here's where they loose a star.  ok, so on their menu, they have a bagel, cream cheese and lox combo for $6.99.  It comes with the onions, capers, tomato's and everything else that normally goes with a plate like this.  Well, I told the girl that I just wanted something lite, and if I could get a bagel with lox and cream cheese only.  She told me it was $8.99?  um, Can't you sell me the $6.99 bagel lox n cream cheese thing and leave the capers out of it? Why the extra $2?  Maybe I misheard...but if I didn't, that's kind of weird!  Why wouldn't she just sell me the $6.99 one?Anyways, I ended up going with just a bagel and cream cheese with lemon water.  Bagel was great, and the cream cheese with whipped and appeared to be made in house!  They also serve breakfast all day, which I thought was awesome!  Totally my gig, as I sometimes like to mix it up and have breakfast for dinner on the weekends.  Place is wonderfully decorated, staff was extremely helpful and friendly.  Bathrooms are pretty cool and clean for the most part.  I will say, I absolutely love how this place is decorated.  Totally my style."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323cc4),"This was just ok. I got the steakhouse salad, which came with four pieces of meat the size of quarters. I'm sorry, but that's no $13 salad. I had to send it back, because I asked for the meat to be cooked through and it was rare.My dining partner said her pizza was tasteless.It was very loud.In all, it was too much money for what we got. We won't go back."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b5632349a),"This was our first Persian food experience...I have to say the food was amazing! Great hummus, the pita was done perfectly!! Nice and warm. We had the Cornish hen filet mignon special with rice and a Greek salad,,,, lots of food,,, I mean lots of food enough to feed 6, and it was yummy!!The server Shawn was extra cool. He was stuck there all by him self and he did a great job multitasking,,, he was very polite and we would go back there just because of his excellent service!!! Thanks Shawn !!! The only thing we would change is the decor, it looks like it used to be a sushi place,,, not very Persiany feeling.. That's the reason we gave it 4 stars.."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323920),"took LEANNE S's advice and decided not to wait 4 hours (literally, we showed a little after 5 pm and the hostess told us not before 9 pm) at the PHOENIX pizza hot spot. turns out she was right -- this place definitely satisfied.PATSY GRIMALDI's is very old school. the FRANK SINATRA photos behind the hostess desk and OLD BLUE-EYES crooning on the sound system were a dead giveaway ...their coal-fired oven produces an excellent crust, from a technical perspective probably the best i've ever eaten -- thin, crispy and perfectly cooked.the sauce (""raw"" style alert in case you're overly partial to the long, slow simmered variety) goes on top. this is not a style for fans of bloated, soggy (super-sized) pizza piled high with toppings and big, greasy blobs of cheese.two personal pizzas fed four with some left over. service was attentive. if you're a pizza minimalist (like me), i haven't found anybody that does it better."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b563248f9),"Over the top - excellent place.  I've had a a lot of Thai food in my lifetime, including several weeks in Thailand... and in my humble opinion, this is as good as it gets.  If you want great - I mean really great - Thai food, go here.  Try the coconut soup... I was tempted to lick the bowl."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323f89),"This is where I had the best steak of my life. It is hands down one of the best steak houses in the city, in any city. The service and food is always amazing, which it should be because it will cost you. That is the only down side but you truely get what you pay for at this place and I believe it is worth it everytime.Go and enjoy because you will be speaking about it for days, months, and years... seriously =)"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324c5a),"Don't put coffee in your name if you don't make it well, care about it, or focus on it. I had the misfortune of having a water flavored espresso here... ew. My boyfriend had a water flavored brewed coffee. Just thinking about it makes me angry. They do use decent local tea though (china mist, which I'm into). Everything else is crap. Everything. Make the drive to Echo or Cartel for your coffee. Eff, go to Starbucks before you go here. You can thank me later."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b563242e0),"I've been here a couple times and I always enjoy the different ceviches and appetizers we order- never tried one that I didn't like. Also their bread rolls and butter are really good. A different bread taste than most are used to but I like that it's unique. Just as a heads up, their drinks are very small for the price you pay for each. Their main entrees are delicious, I love their sea bass. My boyfriend always get this steak/crab combo that I've tried and it's reeeeally good. I did try the lamb once but I was not a fan. Service is excellent, knowledgable, and attentive."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325267),"One of the best places to eat Mexican food in the area.  Really do enjoy this place, but beware ... it's hot ... well at least for this white boy.   My favorite are the combo plates.  Every time I go I try to get something different just to see, but one of my favorites is the stuffed Relleno .... but pretty much anything I have had here is amazing.  I also like how you get lots of different salsa's, bean dips etc with the chips.  These guys do it right!"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324ce7),"I've been twice and admit that several of my friends said their seafood dishes here have been great.  The wait staff has been eager, but somewhat unskilled.  They lack substantive knowledge of their wine and food.  The food itself has been mediocre.  I had the tofu platter once, figuring that a place billing itself as a healthful restaurant would pay particular attention to this darling of vegetarians.  It was painfully tasteless.  I had a turkey kebab on my second visit that was better but certainly didn't bowl me over."
ObjectID(5165b71d74c3068b56325da6),"Ok so who goes from California to Scottsdale and ends up at a Sprinkles? That would be ME. In search for a cute independently owned cupcakery to test how AZ cupcakes stack up to SF Bay cuppies... we headed to downtown Scottsale. WELL, not really for the cupcakes, but just to check it out. However, seeing there were a handful of cupcakeries nearby, we had to try one.BUT the reviews of 2 and 3 stars for some of these places seriously put me off. I hate dry cupcakes and I was not eager to spend precious calories on something that would not satisfy. Sprinkles had the better reviews and whala it was open after all the other places closed. (Note to self, who closes a bakery at 6pm? Cupcake freaks come out at NIGHT!)We have a Sprinkles about a 15 min drive from us@home, but have I ever gone??? NO. So yes here we are at Sprinkles in AZ. The gals are friendly, they answer my questions tirelessly. I end up with 2, lemon and chocolate marshmallow.They stay overnight in our hotel room since our dinner left absolutely no room for cupcakes. I was worried they'd be dry and stale the next morning when I busted them out at 7am before my workout. Gotta get some carbs in so I can burn them off right?Bottom line... Sprinkles may not be a cute little indy shop any longer but their stuff is solid. No mixes, the dark chocolate cupcakes are the perfect combo of dark, bitter, and sweet. The lemon was dense, I think mine is better, but the chocolate marshmallow OMG. It was like a grownup version of a Hostess cupcake, MY FAVORITE. Despite their overnight rest, they were not dry, the result of a fair amount of oil if the residue on my fingers was any indication.Please send me three dozen of the Chocolate Marshmallow please. I will love you forever. Thanks."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b5632386c),Banh Pho and Bun are both awesome. Love this place.
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b5632511a),"Shannon's review below cracks me up because sometimes, I'm one of those girls at Hooters who really isn't there for the view.  The food is never more than your standard sports bar ""ok"".  Some better moments than others.  You know how that goes.  But with us, we aren't going so much for the food - as for the sports.  Living in the downtown/South Mountain area, there aren't many sports bars as it is.  Then you narrow down which ones are showing the events you want, and we often end up here.  Especially for boxing!  One of the things I like about Hooters, and this one in particular, is that if you want to see - you have full view access.  But the TVs are high enough that if you could care less, you don't have to be staring at a television.  The problem is, it's Hooters.  If you aren't looking at the TV you have to be careful what it looks like you're looking at.  Is there such a thing as viewer's guilt?  Maybe there should be.  Sounds bad, but totally honestly - I just feel really bad for the girls who have to walk outside on a chilly night.  The comments that they have to deal with can be really awful.  There should be some kind of a ""Bad comment"" jar, like the old-school ""Bad word"" jars when you cussed.  The waitresses should be able to just walk over and hold out the ""Bad comment"" jar and make them pay up.  Guaranteed ""he got caught"" standing ovation from everyone in surrounding tables.  It's a thought..."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325b04),Downhill is the key word - I don't know what happened to this particular location but I am shocked they stay open. The crab cakes are abysmal and just about everything else is at best mediocre. Spare yourself and go elsewhere.
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325a35),"They have the best herb filled and parmesan sausage around, not fatty and all flavor. The sandwiches rock, the groceries sort of pricey. It may take an extra 10 min or so wait but this is not subway. Good value too. Expected them to have an excellent giardineria in a jar, it is still good on a sandwich but AJ's has the best and I could eat it out of the jar plain!"
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b563240c1),"This place is tucked away off the main street (very near Sens) which was our destination but this looked tasty and there was no wait so we ventured in.  The food was decent- nothing special in my opinion, but not terrible either.  The place is small and cozy- with a different vibe.I had the plantain avocado spring rolls which were way better than my entree-but perhaps I didn't order ""wisely"" and get the best entree. I had the Curried Chicken and Dumpling and I wouldn't recommend it.  I wasn't too crazy about the sauce.  The banana and plantains were the best part of the dish. The whole wheat dumpling served with my dish was disgusting- I couldn't take more than one bite and left it sit on the plate!Overall, it's not bad for the price but not great enough to make me ever want to return..."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b56323fbb),"I've searched the world over for the perfect  margarita and now look no further-it's here. Aside from liquid heaven, the service is fantastic. The manager rocks too. In the rare times I've had issues with food orders, it's been taken care of far beyond expectation with personal care-so thanks and love ya, Z'Tejas!"
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b563244d3),"As a FB fan, I was offered free Skyy Vodka drinks - for me and a few of my friends - for an hour if we came in during happy hour. I said, ""What the heck, why not?"" and rounded up a few friends to try them out. BEWARE of this PROMOTION, it ended up being a fraud in my book and lost them two stars.Woo's happy hour starts early (3ish) and ends at 6:30pm with specialty drinks half off and a variety of small dishes for reasonable prices. We sampled:- fried eggrolls ($1.95)- chicken dumplings ($2.95, ordered pan-fried)- seafood dumplings ($4.75, ordered steamed)- crab puffs ($2.95)- char sui ribs ($4.95)- shrimp balls ($5.95)- Woo's fried rice ($4.95) All the food was pretty good and arrived timely, although my pan-fried dumplings were steamed. The rice was enough for a few people. The other dishes were modest in size and good for individuals versus community sharing.A couple of my friends tried the Yellow Fever (and it fondly reminded me of Dean doing his Eye of the Tiger gag at the end of a Supernatural episode). A couple others had Skyy vodka plain with soda and another friend grabbed a beer. Sadly, with no Malibu, I was relegated to an imposter - Barcadi Coco - in the China Mist. HINT: Malibu would've made it WAY better!Thanks to Sheila, our server, plates were cleared and glasses refilled without us having to ask, always a plus in my book. However, when we got our $75.00 bill after an hour of eating and drinking, the Skyy drinks were INCLUDED. I asked our server about it and she removed two, but we were still charged for the other two. I would've given our experience 3.5-4 stars but when you charge for something you CLEARLY state are comped, then take a couple off and STILL include a couple, that's just crappy. $15 bucks off of $75 wouldn't have broken the bank and we tipped $20 on top of it. So, beware of their FB promo."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b5632404b),"What a wonderful dining experience.  After having to cut out dairy, soy, nuts, eggs and gluten from my diet because of some allergies I thought eating out would forever be painful and tasteless.  However Atlas Bistro saved the day!  The server actually took the menu and highlighted the items that were compatible with my diet.  Then once the food arrived it was delicious!  I didn't feel like I was missing out on a thing.  I would highly recommend this restaurant to those who are looking for a vegan, or lactose free, or gluten free dining experience.  Not to mention my husband has none of these restrictions and enjoyed his food just as much."
ObjectID(5165b71d74c3068b56325e8f),"Though I like the concept and the funny panda mascot, I'm not sure what to think of this place.  The customer service was outstanding... we got a detailed menu explanation and samples when we arrived (because we'd never been there before and they weren't too busy) but the space itself lacked any appeal.  The food was... good enough.  My Jerk Chicken Quesadilla was goodish and the Carnitas tastes like Hawaiian kalua pork, which was ok, just not what I was expecting, I guess.It was all just ok.  Maybe it's just because we went on a rainy, dreary day and there were only 2 other tables there.  The empty atmosphere and 'good enough' food drained me, I think.  I felt like I was in an abandoned mess hall that served things I wasn't in the mood for.  My friend really liked it but, I probably wouldn't go back unless other friends really wanted me to meet them there.  Because of our difference of opinions, I'll bump my 2.5 stars up to 3.Prolly won't see ya there."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b563246a4),"Better than Flo's, PF Chiang's or Pe Wei!!!"
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b563239f0),I think I have hated Fat Tuesdays since they started opening in the Valley. The loud music will probably never let you down however. The slushy' are disgusting I really wish they would taste better. I try every few years and nothing changes ....EVER. Best on a hot day if you have to be out in public drinking shitty blended drinks I say.
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324a3e),"Go find a dictionary. Look up the word ""Meh"". Right next to it you will see a picture of Five Guys Burgers and Fries. I went to Five Guys with an open mind, having heard some good things about it from various friends and family. I walk in and am immediately bombarded with about 50 (maybe even more) signs with positive Five Guys reviews from various publications. ""BEST BURGER IN PHILIDELPHIA!"", ""HAMBURGER HEAVEN"", :""FIVE GUYS KNOWS FRIES"". Not only do I disagree with all of these reviews but I felt as if I was having these positive reviews shoved down my throat and if, god forbid, I felt differently than the reviews then I was some sort of freak. On to the food. I ordered a ""Little Bacon Cheeseburger"". It was 4.99. Apparently I am paying $1 for each one of the ""Guys"" in ""Five Guys"". I hope the appreciate it. For myself and the two others with me the meal total was $29.00. Yes, $29.00. I could have gone to Red Robin and probably paid less.Who cares about the expensive prices though, right? I mean, they give you free peanuts when you walk in. That makes everything better. There is nothing I want more with my burger than a box full of peanuts. /sarcasmBut yea, the burger didn't impress me. It was so sloppy. With every bite I lost about 1/4 of the toppings to the table. It wasn't a terrible burger, but it was by no means HAMBURGER HEAVEN. The fries were huge. We got the regular, not cajun, and they were as regular as can be. I liked that they were crispy, however they tasted a bit bland and had to be drowned in ketchup to salvage any taste. Five Guys does have hot dogs. I tried half of one to get an idea of how they were. It was pretty good. I liked it, although would not make a trip back just for a hot dog. The hot dog came in at 3.99, which compared to the burger is a steal. About the Five Guys vs In'n'Out argument. I didn't find it possible to compare to In'n'Out since one uses special sauce and the other uses conventional condiments like ketchup and mustard. If Five Guys used Thousand Island like In'n'Out, maybe we could compare, but they don't. When it comes to fries, though, In'n'Out has the edge in my opinion. So basically I walked out of Five Guys with a much lighter wallet and a huge ""meh"". If I ever want to take my future family out to try Five Guys, I better start a trust fund for them now so we can afford it."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b563246a4),"I am uphauled, I used to like this place until...............................................I went there with a few people and we started to have a good conversation with our waiter, he was nice and outgoing...A little too outgoing.He quickly shared wit us that they advertise as no MSG but they infact do use it . In all of the soups and dressings and sauces!!!!!If they blatenly lie about that what else do they do.Bad ethics, eith er use it and say you do which of course would lose lot of business or just take it out. I couldnt believe this, who can I report them to if you know?"
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b56323ff2),"In spite of being on the corner of 44th and Camelback it does a good job of insulating you from the traffic and taking you some place else, in this case our dear Communist neighbors to the South.  I like the sampler because it allows you to enjoy the finest island interpretations of pork, beef, and chicken.  Also, no meal is complete without going bananas for the ....well, tostones.You gotta hand it to those Castro brothers.  They forcefully preside over a country that has a pretty great national cuisine.  Viva La Revolucion!"
ObjectID(5165b71d74c3068b56325eeb),"Had the 2 pc. fish & chips. Fish was very fresh. Batter was good and crunchy. Fries we ok because they were fresh, but underwhelming. The cole slaw was pretty much like what you buy at the deli counter. My friend had the fish and chicken tenders. Skip the chicken. Overall I was expecting a bit more from most of the reviews."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325296),"High price for only so-so food.  I didn't bother staying for the Flamenco dancer... the poor atmosphere was a turn off (large empty room, shabby decor).  One positive: the service was friendly and responsive."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323c80),"Very good gelato. Maybe not as good as Angel Sweet (I am nothing if not loyal), but close. Arlecchino is made fresh from scratch daily. It reveals everything else for the artificial-flavoring-using imposters that they are. The fact that the owners are transplants from Italy is very impressive. Their Cortina flavor (roasted almond with lingonberry) should be on the list of 1000 to Do Before You Die. It's THAT good."
ObjectID(5165b71d74c3068b56325ed7),"I can overcome the hipster sneer and accept that I am an uncool blemish in a world full of cut-off corduroys and patterned leggings. What I cannot and will not get over is an unapologetic staff whose epic error led to me breaking 5 years of meatless eating because of an order mishap.I ordered the red pepper tomato quiche. After 20 minutes waiting for the quiche to warm in what appeared to be a 200 degree oven, I double checked to make sure my name was on the plate at the counter. When I dug in for the first bite, a wave of nausea and panic washed over my after realizing this was a piece of the bacon spinach quiche. I returned to the counter and explained that I had ordered the vegetarian quiche, and the chic who took my order asked the chic behind the counter which one she served, because she was sure she got it right. The chic in the kitchen said she put them out in the order she got them. Then they spent some time looking around in confusion and murmuring a bit,  meanwhile all the quiche had been sold. So the counter chic simply turned to me and send, ""well we don't have anymore of that one.""Thanks. I told her I was more upset about the fact that I had just put bacon in my mouth after 5 years of no meat than there being no more quiche. She did give me my money back, but no one apologized or offered me any recompense. I'm over you being cooler than me, but I'm not over you having no soul."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b563250d7),"We hadn't been to Eli's for quite a while. Last night the Beautiful Carin and I where in the neighborhood and decide to get some dinner there (she loves the stir fry dinner and I can always find something there).You know, we kind of quit going to Eli's for a while...I just couldn't stand the cigarette smoke. Even after the cigarette laws changed, Eli's smelled like smoke for quite a while. But the food is pretty good and it's a pretty good place for people watching (it's fun to watch the 60+ singles mingle...they get after it as well as any 20 something group of singles I have ever seen!), as well as having a couple of pop's (they pour a pretty decent cocktail). It's reasonably quiet, so you can have a conversation (although they have background music that I would call classic...something...pop...bubblegum...I don't know...when you hear the Carpenters twice during your meal, it pretty well defines who Eli's catering to). Lot's of big screens so you can catch the days sports highlights.I had the walleye sandwich...it was tasty and more than I could eat...Eli's does big portions, so leftover Walleye for DeeDee this morning (she thought it was heavenly).Eli's isn't the place to see and be seen if you are part of the young (or even young-ish), hip crowd. But, it doesn't smell like smoke anymore, they have pretty good menu that they execute pretty well and you can have nice dinner there at a reasonable price."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325832),"The warm pound cake is so awesome it should be on the brunch menu! I'm totally not kidding. You know those mornings when you want cake for breakfast? This one would be just right!! The brownie is good too. But, not for breakfast. ;)"
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323a02),"I seriously doubted I would be able to find five star sushi in Phoenix.  I was wrong, wrong, wrong.  Yasu...what a pleasant surprise.  The place could be lost in a strip near a Target and REI, but once you walk in you are transported.  The decor is minimalist and soothing.  It's small enough to feel intimate but not crowded.  The sushi bar is small, with just four seats (two to a bench).  It was a little odd to not be able to see through to the sushi chef's prep area, but in this case it didn't matter.  After the first bite we offered ourselves up to Yasu's expertise, deciding we trusted him completely.From the kitchen we had sake steamed Manila clams.  They were fresh and smooth.  The broth was light and buttery.  We also had the grilled scallop in bacon.  The scallop itself was huge, and braised to perfection.  But let's continue to the sushi!Our tastes are rather simple when it comes to sushi...no crazy rolls involving tempura, spicy anything or cream cheese.  Along with our standard tekka (tuna) and Kappa (cucumber) rolls, we did order a soft shell crab roll.  Well-done.  The rest of our items were either nigiri or sashimi: octopus, chu-toro, mackerel and salmon (be sure to get Yasu-style: just a touch of flame with ponzu, no need to dip).  Specials included striped jack, fluke, and Kumamoto oysters.  All of the fish was high quality, fresh and expertly prepared.  The rice had a perfect consistency.  I think my favorite of the night was the fluke.  It was served with ponzu instead of soy sauce, allowing the light, subtle flavor to shine.The chef, Yasu, and his assistant, Takeshi were helpful and very friendly.  They made sure to encourage us to ask if we had questions, and to make some suggestions.  Be sure to ask for fresh grated wasabi instead of the regular stuff.  Oh, and save room for dessert.  The green tea tiramisu was unreasonably, ridiculously delightful.I am thoroughly impressed with Yasu, and look forward to returning next time I'm in Phoenix."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325006),"My husband & I are addicted to Cherryblossom's ramen. Mr. T is Japanese & I lived in Japan for @4 years, so take my word it's authentic.The mix of foods is not so strange if you're familiar with restaurants in Japan. The ramen is Hakata style, made with a pork broth & may be heavy/oily for some people, so why not please everybody? Be sure to ask for ""Cha Shu Ramen"" to get a few more pieces of pork. (extra $)The salads are also fantastic; warm lightly fried (10?)Shrimp on a fresh spring mix base with mango dressing,  Shanghai Duck salad, and the Chicken Caesar was perfect, not heavily dressed like some ""roadhouses."" Mr. T & our daughter loved the Eggplant in Miso Sauce, & even the California Roll was good.It's said Japan took the best of each country's cuisine. So there are French pastries, German beer, Italian pasta, and Indian curries. Save the banana bread for dessert if you can, or get one of their pastries. I've never have enough room.If you like good WHITE bread, buy one of the Pullman loaves on the table by the front door. My first extra 20 pounds in Japan came from the good bread! (No whole grain breads were available 30 years ago!)I think it's too small for groups over six.Maybe we'll see you there.Added 11/18/07I think that their menus are not all alike, so if  ramen isn't on the menu you receive, you can still order it. (It's posted in Japanese on the wall.) For the basic, ask for ""Hakata Ramen."" For extra pork, ask for ""Cha-shu-men"" or ""Cha-shu-ramen.""Either way, there's really not much pork in it. That's why you need a delicious shrimp or duck salad."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324f6d),"So I think I am a taco addict. But no need for intervention.... I come here quite often and every time it is just wonderful! I am almost embarrassed to go here because I think the people who work here remember me.... but that can't keep me away from the taco goodness. So the carne asada is wonderful, but I have found it to be much more wonderful on the vampiro. The vampiro is a masterpiece. It is like a tostada, in that it has a crunchy tortilla as a base. Then it is topped with caramelized onion, lettuce, guac, Carne asada, and maybe cilantro or something? Add some extra spicy salsa and I am a very happy girl. In addition, I was scared to try the al pastor for awhile, and then I tried it and realized the wonder of their pork. Wow. It is good. They have it on a rotating stick, almost like gyro meat, with a chunk of pineapple on top... with the pineapple juice just dripping onto the pork. One time we went and they were out of pork and I almost cried. No joke. It is that good. I get it on a taco, which has a slice of the pineapple (best topping), guac, onion, and cilantro. super yum. The extra spicy salsa is really good. It is the perfect amount of spicy to make my nose run a little. It also tastes incredibly fresh, like everything here. This is the kind of place where I tell a friend I went here and they are sad that I didn't bring them....So go here.... Go here right now!"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b563259ca),"I've been to Oink a couple of times .... and I really hope it pulls through and makes it.  It's in a location where 'The Eggery' was in Paradise Valley for a long, long time and they were very busy and successful.  Several places have come and gone since then... and for some reason, I'm really routing for Oink, but they have a lot of work to do. The parking is not exactly the best.   I would HIGHLY recommend you park in the EAST parking lot rather than the SOUTH.   If you enter from the south entrance, you have to walk all the way to the back (er, um, front?) of the restaurant to only walk back where you came from to be seated.  A little awkward, but I didn't learn my lesson from the first time I was there.   There is a cute little patio area that I hope they utilize someday... love sitting outside!  The restaurant atmosphere is a little sparse, but since it's just starting out, I hope they add more to the decor- because I love nice ambiance.   Right now it's bland and boring.   The food is great!  My co-workers enjoyed piled high sandwiches and build your own omlettes which they really liked.  I've tried their bacon cheeseburger, which was so good the first time, that I ordered it again.  Yes, I'm boring.   I also ejoyed their sweet potato fries.If you're going to try this place... be sure to go with a huge dose of patience.  These girls are REALLY trying to get it right.  They are very pleasant, but I just don't think they've gotten their groove yet on service.    Ladies, work smarter, not harder.  For instance, grab silverware when you grab the menus, so you're not back and forth and running over yourself.    Maybe even have a service station closer to the back (er, um, front?) of the restaurant.  It's a long jaunt back and forth. Anyways, I wish you the best of luck.  It has a great food with great potential!"
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323d8d),"My buddy, Jeff K., gave this place glowing reviews and recently got me to go and try the burger. wow. Places like Fez, Switch, Stax, etc, seem to rely on the sauce and fixin's...Zinburger relies on its meat.  They LEGITIMATELY ""cook to order"" and the toppings are fairly simple...nothing new...but the quality of meat makes the burger as ""mouth-wateringly"" delicious as a burger can be.It doesn't get my full five stars, because paying a minimum of $10 for a burger (and NOTHING ELSE on the plate) is a bit ridiculous in a town where quality burgers are being sold on specials for between $3 and $5 WITH fries or salads!Methinks the Fox restaurants are just a TINY bit pretentious."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b563257d6),"Sorry for my lateness but I wanted to update everyone that after my review I was contacted by management, apologized to, and asked back for another chance. I WILL be back just as soon as it cools down and update my review then.Everyone deserves a second chance to make things right.I appreciate the professionalism and attention to customer service. I'm looking forward to it."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b5632597e),"I first learned of Firebirds a couple years ago by ""Lets try something new.""  That new place because a favorite of mine in Chandler.  I would go as to say this is probably the best steak Ive had in town.  When you first pull int the parking lot, you can smell the grill from a mile away.  Just an incredible smell.  Thinking about it right now makes me want to jump into my car and head over there.The staff is very nice there and of course like all fine dining places, everyone there looks like they stepped off of GQ and Vogue Magazines. The place has a nice steakhouse feel to it.  Wood all over, deer head mounted on all, and you can see the cooks making your food right in the back.  Always nice to see what's going on with the food.  The things I love most about this place is their bread.  Fresh sour dough loaves that come out piping hot with butter.  I call it ""Butt Bread;"" for those who have been here, you know why.  Best bread Ive had at a restaurant.Another great addition is their BLT salad.  They have this great garlic ranch dressing that I have not seen anywhere else.  That with bacon bits, lettuce and tomato... delicious.My personal favorite is their rib-eye and their dipped in, loaded baked potato.  I get the same thing every time now.  Yes I have tried other things and they were amazing.  I highly recommend this place to anyone.My parents went with my girlfriend and I once and my dad ate 3 loaves of the bread himself.  Yeah... good stuff."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b56323fd4),"Eh, it's okay.  The drinks aren't really anything special from any of the other boba places in the Phoenix area.  The only good thing about this place is that they are one of the few places that serves any Taiwanese food here in AZ.  Downside is the pushy owner lady who mad stalks people and asks them where they've been if they haven't come in in a while.  Way to come off as a slight degree above car salesman pushy/creepy."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b563233a7),"2 stars in Yelp lingo means ""Meh. I've experienced better."" and I have. I ordered the caprese salad and it was served with foccacia. While a generous portion of bread, the tomato and mozzarella rounds were the size of roma slices. It was dull. There were some interesting cocktails but my bitters and soda (which is club soda with a shake of aromatic bitters in it - helpful for upset stomachs) came in a smaller glass and I got charged for refills. I've never been charged for refills on bitters and soda before anywhere else. Frankly, that irritated me. Quite a bit. I could have had a mojito for what my 3 club sodas cost. And, I don't have a problem with gluten or a compulsion to eat organically so I'm not desperate enough to let those demands compensate."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323f22),"Decent coffeehouse, although the layout is a little awkward if you're sitting indoors - a few tables up front but then a really skinny hallway with a couple more tables and one two seater in the back. Good coffee and free wi-Fi. Haven't indulged in any of the pastries yet. And true, being connected to the Gelato Spot is an added bonus. Being right by Zen 32, not so much."
ObjectID(5165b71d74c3068b56325e0d),"We placed an order for delivery last weekend--large pepperoni pizza, baked ziti with eggplant, and calamari. Everything was great, especially for a delivery place. The pizza ranks up there among my favorites in Phoenix. The pasta was also very good--my wife especially loved it. The calamari was pretty darn good also (this comes from someone who dislikes seafood). Delivery only took about 40 minutes on a Saturday night. All in all I highly recommend this place. I'm giving it four stars, but if I compare it to other places offering delivery, that would move up to a five."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b563253e6),"I don't know what possessed me to eat here.  Maybe I thought if it was good enough for George Dubya, it would be good enough for me.  I expected grease, I expected a lackluster interior, and I expected mediocre food.  I guess it met my expectations.Because nothing is too good for my husband's wife, he chose the ""presidential"" table for us, complete with the ""hasn't been cleaned since 2004 presidential plaque.""  Chips and salsa arrived promptly.  The chips were thin and crispy, but far too greasy.  The salsa was not the greatest either.I ordered a chimichanga deciding it was going to be my last fat-laden meal for at least a month, or a week, whichever comes first, because I wanted the crispy tortilla.  Unfortunately, only the very ends of it were crispy.  The rest was drenched in sour cream and some pretty seriously bad gray-green guacamole which made the whole thing soggy.  What a sad waste of the deep-frying process.  Inside was green chile, made with beef, rather than my favored pork.  It wasn't too bad, but from what spilled out, I could see there was far too much grease in it.  Not that I was expecting healthy here, but this was ridiculous.  I almost didn't eat it, but I did.Would I come back?  It's not at the top of my list, but if I say no, I'll end up there next week.  I did see they have pretty good drink specials, and the place was quite busy, so someone must like it more than I do."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b563257a1),"I don't know what it is about Herb 'n Flavors, but every time I go there something is off.    Don't get me wrong, overall they have some tasty dishes, but some others fall flat.  It's really hit or miss.  The first time I got the Spinach 4-Cheese Quesadilla and it was just too greasy and cheesy.  I know, I know it's ""4-cheese"", but there is a delicate balance with cheese.  My friend ordered it another time and the balance was much better.  The second time I went I got the Veggie Rice Bowl.  Wonderful seasoning, but they overcooked the tofu.  We also ordered the Vegan Spinach & Artichoke Dip.  No thanks.  My friend had the salmon - loved it.  My other friend got the Pollo Fresca and the Chicken Shawarma Wrap separate times.  He liked both. The 3rd time I ordered the Veggie Bowl without the tofu (much better).  The falafel fries are yummy.  The tiramisu is absolutely INCREDIBLE!  I must say the owner is really personable and KNOWS how to cater to his customers.  That type of treatment will keep me coming back for the things that I really enjoy."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323804),"This place it hit or miss for me. I have always ordered the feta gyro and either fries or a small Greek salad. Why is the soda machine always broken? Makes me wonder what else is broken and not fixed in the kitchen. I ate here for the 5th or 6th time on Thursday. The gyro is excellent, but the fries were overcooked and the oil didn't seem very fresh, as the fries had a brownish, oil soaked feel. I will return for the gyro, but I may skip the fries and stick to the salad."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325632),"I LOVE JIMMY JOHNS!!!!  Delicious, fast, fresh, cheap, and they'll even deliver just one sandwich!!  Plus they're open late, to cater to the night crowd.     I order from them at least twice a week, and usually get the turkey tom or the beach club. Their bread is delicious; they use real meats and cheeses (unlike Subway), and even have fresh sprouts (yum!). They don't toast their subs, so don't ask them  :)"
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323836),"Oh my god. Was this a win or what? I enjoy spice and Indian food a lot, but I'm always nervous about cleanliness and getting an explosive asshole later in the evening. However, my experience at Tandoori Times 2 left me with no worries, a belly full of Lamb Boti Masala and Flying Horse beer. As soon as we walked in I was addicted to the smell, curry permeated my clothes as I began to salivate. The waitress was knowledgeable about the dishes and helped in my selection process. The side of rice for $2.50 was HUGE. It disappointed me that they didn't serve the rice with the dish, but it was worth the $2.50 We had a free cup of chai tea to top of our meal! I will definitely be coming back. I'm addicted."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325a5a),"Just had a wonderful experience here.  Came with a group of 6 people from work.  Everyone was extremely friendly and helpful. Loved the fact that the waiter also had a good sense of humor. Always helps when you're at a really nice place and don't quite fit in with all of the bling-bling that goes on at the other tables. Saw THE biggest ring on this woman's finger. I swear her hand must have hurt... although she's probably used to the weight by now...Anyway, back to the food... Ordered the Lobster & Tomato salad with olive oil and lime dressing. I highly recommend it.!! The lobster was delicious and the tomatoes very yummy. I'm kind of a tomato fanatic so  I'm rather picky when it comes to that. Besides the amazing taste, the presentation of all of their food gets another star. The tomatoes and lobster was assembled so it looked like a lobster  - the included the shelled out tail, claws, and head to complete the picture.  The dressing was also very light and the greens very fresh.For my main course I ordered the fish special which tonight was the Char. I'm usually not a big fish person but it was very light and very tasty. It came on top of a risotto with carrots, beets, and string beans on the side. It was in a creamy but light sauce. Now let me tell you about dessert... This place seems like Souffle central. We ordered three different kinds of souffles. But what was awesome is that they went ahead and split it up for us so we can share it easily. Thought this was very considerate and, quite frankly, super cool :)We got the Lemon one that came out looking like a crepe. Imagine super fluffy and light! Made from egg whites, this is probably THE fluffiest dessert I've ever had. We got the Grand Marnier one which was good but not my favorite. Now, if you like your desserts sweet, go for the Raspberry one. It was my favorite :) Very fruity but still light and not too sweet. And as if we didn't have enough desserts, they also gave each one of us our own flourless chocolate cakes which was really delicious. I was initially going to give it 4 stars but what was really awesome is that when the valet guy pulled up the car, I saw that they had put two little bag of cookies in the front console. How awesome is that!? Haven't had any of them yet, but they sure smell good :)Overall great place :)"
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b563238e7),"I'm not a huge fan of food chains, but Grand Lux is pretty good. As a sibling of the Cheesecake Factory, the portions can feed a small Army. But in my humble opinion, the style and food selections are 2 times better.  Grand Lux uses opulent colors and rich appointments to create a high-end atmosphere. True to concept, the menu offers something for everyone. Some of my favorites include the short rib grilled cheese sandwich w/ carmelized onion, Southwestern Salad, chicken pot pie, veal saltimbocca, wild mushroom and goat cheese pizza. I prefer a traditional fire oven pizza, but this is good for what it is.  I'd stay away from their miserable attempt at Mexican and Italian pasta dishes. Do save room for the New Orleans Beignets or the chocolate molten lava cake... sooooo delish! Bon Appetite!"
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323643),"Back to Blue Fin for the nth visit, but the first visit for 2011!  Same great service, same good food, and same affordable prices.  Had my usual order:Terriyaki bowl - YUMFried Gyoza - HUMGreen Ice Tea - AHH"
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b563242cf),"Love this place,  I have had every soup they offer with the hand pulled noodles.  I like the Ox tail soup the most.  This place is a little piece of heaven since AZ has no Chinatown.  Maybe one day, I can only dream!!! For now this place rocks!!!!!"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325118),It is indeed little and also very woody. Cool spot. Bottoms up!
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b5632374c),"We visited here a while back and got the Chicken Rocatto pizza and the Chicken salad sandwich.  I would say it was pretty good...  I'm not a RAVING fan, but did enjoy it for sure."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323643),"I bought a Groupon for Blue Fin a couple of years ago and never used it. However on my last trip into the city I decided that I would go and redeem it for the purchased value while I was out that way. Boy am I happy that I did!!Quite frankly, this place impressed my socks right off. I had heard that it had some good items however I must say that is quite an understatement. Best Teriyaki in the city by far; their panko chicken is also to die for!Bottom line: I live in south east Gilbert and have driven to eat here 3 times in the last month. Enough said."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324aed),"Great sandwiches. Ample seating! Love to sit on the back patio surrounded by exotic flowers.I love the caramel macchiato. They make their own caramel and it is divine.Located at the Northwest corner of Ray & Higley at Agritopia, just off the 202."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b563253b9),"A MUST EAT!Four Girls, big appetites. We bought all this food and it only came out to $38.95, so that's less than $10 a person! Full Set of Ribs. Rating: 5/52 Meat Plate. Rating:  4/5Chopped Brisket. Rating: 5/5Cheese Potatoes: 3.5/5Monster Potato w/ sour cream and chives. Rating: 3.5/5Cheese macaroni: Rating: 4/5Corn Bread: Rating: 4/5BBQ Beans: 3.5/5We came at the right time - 20 mins after we placed our order the line extended outside the door. The employee Matt was super nice too. They usually don't have waiters since you order your food and then sit down, but he was super nice to us and even got us drinks. The area is in downtown Gilbert - such a cute little neighborhood. I will be coming back!This is one of the Phoenix Area bests!"
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323dcc),"My only complaint about Short Leash is that they don't follow me around town in the food cart, which means I cannot eat delicious hot dog concoctions all day! How unfair is that?!?Well, Amber... we all know you are a VEGAN, so why do you want to be followed around by a hot dog cart? Well, Reader... Short Leash has VEGGIE DOGS! That is right... this delicious, convenient, amazing food cart has VEGGIE DOGS!The bread, however, is not vegan. But that is fine, because they chop up your wiener into little bite sized pieces and load it up with one of the many (50+??) ingredients they have available. And when you don't get it with bread, you get two!I top my double wiener with pinto beans, sauteed onions, green chilies, jalapenos, and tomatoes. I'm going to come up with a name and have them name one special after me.Excellent customer service, positive vibe, delicious, high-quality ingredients, and I legally get to say wiener six times in 1 review!Wiener wiener wiener!"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324f0a),"Ate here last night and was very impressed.  A lot of other reviews for this place are dead on.  First of all the place is right off of 51st ave the bright yellow sign is easily visible from Northern which was a plus because I thought it might be dug deep into a strip mall.  Its actually right on the corner of one.  At first glance from the outside this may seem like a place where you would immediately say no way and back out.  But don't.  The inside of this Thai place is very well decorated and the vibe is just positive.  It is very neat on the inside.  Carved wood tables,little Buddha statues,and just overall decorated in Thai.  It is very unique compared to others I have been too.If it wasn't for the service this would easily be a 5 star.  It is a mom and pop place which means that there is two servers who serve as waiter,busser,and hostess.   They go around the restaurant and serve the whole place not just certain areas.  It took us a while to place our order but once we did the food arrived fairly fast.The food was awesome.  Probably some of the best Thai in Arizona if not the best.  It is all served family style which works because the portions are so huge.  We had the lemon grass soup,the basil chicken,and the red curry.  The lemon grass soup was oh so tasty.  Little hints of lemon grass followed by a smooth broth with tons of mushrooms and chicken my mouth waters thinking about it.  The basil chick by far was the best dish.  The grill taste is indescribable.  The sauce had us almost licking the bowl it was so good.  The red curry was fantastic although not as spicy as I would have liked it but still good.  Overall very  good I was impressed.  41 bucks for 3 dishes 1 beer and 1 glass of wine not too bad.  This is a great date night place.  Warning:  Hot means hot here! and I mean Arizona hot!  We got our dishes hot and I was sweating.  Which I haven't done in a long time.  Enjoy!"
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b563240b4),"Sauce is my kind of place.  Great, inexpensive food, casual yet trendy atmosphere, perfect location.  Located right by Urban Outfitters and Olive and Ivy at the Scottsdale Waterfront, I like Sauce as a pre or post shopping bonanza meal.  I always have the same thing: the mozzarella and tomato salad (which you should know is mostly greens with chucks of each, drizzled in balsamic), and the artichoke and portabella pizza.  This is a huge meal so I always have leftovers which make for the perfect 2am after-bar treat.  If youre feeling particularly saucey, you can have yourself a glass of wine as well."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325068),"We went to Blue Hound with a group of friends who come together to have a great meal and amazing company.   The ambiance of the place is very cool.  The furniture, decor and lighting were all extremely well done.  The bar area was packed and people were enjoying their drinks and some light appetizers.  The down side in design and construction is that nothing was created to buffer the sound.  I get it, it is Friday night in a trendy restaurant, but the acoustics were an assault on my ears and prevented my friends and I from having any conversations unless we were almost yelling at each other.  We began the meal with drinks and appetizers which were good.  We had tater tots, caramel corn and deviled eggs.  The tots were very good, I really enjoyed the flavor and the accompanying dipping sauce.  The caramel corn was ok, but the spice was a little overwhelming to the point where it was not balancing the sweet... at times I couldnt event really appreciate any of the sweetness.  Lastly the deviled eggs were... well deviled eggs and not as impressive as the deviled eggs I have had at Chelsea's Kitchen.  I am glad our waiter recommended the short ribs with the blue cheese grits, it was probably the single best dish on their entire menu, the rest seemed... eh.  The short rib was absolutely killer, it had a sasperilla glaze on it that was amazing and the meat just fell off of the bone.  I was really happy with my choice as apposed to my dinner mates, probably to their annoyance because I was making a lot of sounds as I engulfed my dish.My wife had macaroni and cheese in the smallest bowl I have ever seen.  I get it, macaroni and cheese can be extremely rich, but it still is macaroni and cheese and you are charging $12 for it, so show me a little love.  Again, I have had better at the chain the Yardhouse with truffle oil and it is all that and more... for about the same price.I did not have dessert, but that is because nothing excited me on the dessert menu and in the back of my head I was thinking I would stop by Churn on the way home for some ice cream and home made caramel sauce (that did not happen, but I thought about it... a lot).  Trying not to sound like a broken record, but service makes or kills a business and I was not impressed by our waiter.  I know we had some challenges with a few of the dishes and at the end of the meal he acted annoyed with us when sorting out the checks.  I don't care how large the group is an what mandatory gratuity is imposed on me on the bill, but I was almost to the point of having that gratuity taken off because of how annoyed our waiter was acting with the group.  Again, I get it, large group, lots of tickets, but to act that annoyed was not called for.  It was brought to my attention that this restaurant made the 10 best new places to eat in Phoenix by Phoenix Magazine and I really take issue with their judgement.  Phoenix Magazine assigning that type of status to this restaurant really calls into question their credibility as a publication.  Maybe they were dazzled by the trendy atmosphere, but I am more about substance than style and Blue Hound does not meet any criteria of being considered the best of anything. Blue Hound is not the worst place I have ever been to, but it is one of the most mediocre places I have been to.  I find Phoenix Magazine calling this place one of the 10 new best of places to be offensive to the efforts of other area restaurants much more deserving of that designation.Overall I was glad that we gave it a go, but it is not a place that I would go out of my way to go again.  My dish was really good... REALLY good... but if I went again I would wonder what else I might try and from what I saw I don't know if I would be that interested in any of the other offerings."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323791),"01/20/11It doesn't take much to talk me into trying a new breakfast joint... I've a list of restaurants that were bookmarked YEARS ago, and I've yet to step into those places to order my first meals there, and yet, I read a couple of enthusiastic yelp reviews about Joe's Diner, and I'm there w/in a week or less, savoring for myself forkfuls of those delicious pancakes I read about, but there I go, getting ahead of myself...Delighted in finding ample parking (I think I arrived around 1030a or so), I walked into Joe's Diner pleasantly surprised to find a cozy 50s-, 60s-style diner.  Yes, yes, I read all about the atmosphere here, and I was still a little disconcerted, coming in from the open-air parking lot, but pleasantly so.  I liked some of the memorabilia, but I don't know what to make of the outdoor decor-- roofed and cemented empty garage w/ the parked truck?  Seems like wasted space to me- perhaps this is where the weekend overflow goes...  I initially was directed to the more-crowded room at the back of the diner, but it was much darker in there, and I wanted light (!), so I asked if I could have a booth in the more-spacious front.  ""Sure,"" the hostess said, w/out blinking an eye, and I was already off to a great start.Couldn't decide what to have, so I decided to order the items that appealed most-- biscuits and gravy, pancakes w/ a side of fresh strawberry compote, and Thursday's lunch special of lasagna.  Ordered a cup of deliciously strong Arbuckles coffee, too.  The sausage and biscuits came out relatively fast-- good to note if you're really hungry and you want something quick! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/53jjJCXpXSRaHfu_ZJePRA?select=LkEf3z8DxtMVZbRY-2E9tA#LkEf3z8DxtMVZbRY-2E9tA  I didn't care much for the biscuits, though.  Found them to be too tender.  (I like my biscuits to buckle, not crumble, a bit when I dig in w/ my fork.)  I'd requested the regular sausage to be substituted w/ chorizo, and the gravy was nicely done.  Too bad about the biscuits...  I next tried the lasagna... http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/53jjJCXpXSRaHfu_ZJePRA?select=CB1MtmdiQS9wvpePLAUcBw#CB1MtmdiQS9wvpePLAUcBw  Wow!  I really enjoyed the bites I had sampled.  The pasta was al dente- tender, yet had a nice bite to it; the filling was well-seasoned, yet not too salty-- meat was chunky, and the ricotta portion was generous; and the garlic bread that accompanied the entree was warm, perfectly crusty, and deliciously buttered.  I wouldn't mind returning back on a Thursday to have this dish again.  Last, but certainly not least, the pancakes!!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/53jjJCXpXSRaHfu_ZJePRA?select=cD_SaPRv1RkiWivD6qBQBw#cD_SaPRv1RkiWivD6qBQBw  Portion seemed small- there wasn't much of a rise, so I mistakenly thought the platter was of a short stack, but the server asked me to lift all cakes to see for myself.  Yep!  I counted three.  These cakes tasted amazing, and all they needed were a tiny bit of butter and simple toppings of macerated strawberries (I had to ask for a second serving of fruit).  Now, I wouldn't mind returning any day of the week to have a stack of these carb-delights!Cool retro decor; warm and friendly service, a bit relaxed in pace; and two out of three knock-out entrees on the first try put Joe's Diner on my list to visit again soon!  I'd take out-of-town guests here in a heartbeat!"
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b563242cf),"I must have ordered the wrong thing here. My hand pull noodles stuck together the same way the Safeway brand noodles I undercook at home stick together. The beef and its sauce was pretty darn tasty, but isn't this place supposed to be all about the noodles?Service was completely rushed and they stared at us while we ate. It was so awkward."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b563236b0),"Even though they don't serve Sake, they do a great job as a bring your own place. The location is small, so if you have a large group you might have to wait a little while to be seated. It's definitely worth it though. As I look at the reviews of other Yelpers, I can't help but think that they're just ordering the wrong things. I mean, good sushi is about good fish. It really kind of bothers me when people say ""I love sushi"" and then either pick the fish off the roll, order something without fish entirely, or order something that's going to be drenched in some American sauce. The waiters have always been really knowledgeable and educated about the flavor profiles of their fish and are usually really good about letting you know what is going to be best that day and what is the freshest. I have yet to find a sushi place in Phoenix that has fish as good as theirs, it's not the best, but it's the best I've had in the valley. And, I don't know what Jenn H. (review below) ordered to get something covered in mayo? We always get a variety of different things and I have yet to have anything with any weird sauce on it.  I mean, I've probably been there 5 or 6 times, and I can't remember any sauce on anything. When my dad and stepmom came to visit from L.A., they liked this place so much that they actually wanted to go two nights in a row."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325447),"Despite the fact that since the day I learned to drive I was coming downtown for baseball games and now I live in downtown, I had no idea that Coach and Willie's is downtown!  Was I missing a lot?  Not really.  It is pretty decent though.I have no idea why we decided to come here, but I remember reading a lot of great things about the lobster bisque, and it was cold outside, so it sounded wonderful.  When we walked inside, a girl asked us what game we were there to watch.  She gave us the weirdest look when we told her we were just there to eat.  We seated ourselves and perused the menus for a good 10 minutes before she came back around.I ordered a cup of the lobster bisque and the crab cobb salad.  I guess I was going for a shellfish theme there.  The bisque came out first and was not what I expected.  I was thinking a smooth, fairly thin but creamy soup.  What I got was pretty thick and hot a lot of chunks of peppers and some good sized pieces of lobster.  It was good, but it must have been at the end of the pot, because it was just really strangely thick and it had a bit of a skin.  As a side note, I had a fresher serving of it at the State of Downtown Event and it was really fantastic.  My salad was pretty standard, but it was very large and filling.  I would possibly get it again.I may come back here again, but who knows.  They have lots of great TV's so it would be an awesome place to watch any game.  If they start playing MLS games, we may frequent this place a lot more in the future."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b563250ce),"This may very well conclude my search for really, really good tacos. The place is inconspicuous, really easy to miss, especially with the rather small name sign outside. But you'll always see cars pulling into and out of the parking spaces in front. Inside, the atmosphere is pretty sparse but the friendliness of the people, the incredible prices (see the menu pics I posted), and the delicious food more than make up for it. I tried the carne asada, al pastor, tripa - I ordered it extra crunchy - and lengua ... all superb!  The tacos come with a side of sauteed onions and jalapenos, which very nicely complement the flavors of the tacos. This is definitely a place for many, many repeat visits."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324ce3),"El Chorro is my favorite spot for Sunday brunch!  I ordered the omelette of the day, served with potato cake/hash browns, roasted tomatoes and a giant english muffin, the best breakfast I've had in a long time!  Not to mention their complementary sticky buns.  As if that wasn't enough, the atmosphere is unbeatable!  Shade, misters, and an exquisite view!"
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b5632362c),"At last, a soul food place not too far from where I live! Ryan C. was right - the pork chop is scrumptious, and the breading is fantastic: an ambrosial crispness/flavor combination. And thanks to Deb. L's review, I knew I had to order a side of cabbage, too -- and I'm glad I did; the sausage and bacon made that vegetable side really delicious. I know I'll certainly be back for more goodies, such as the chicken and waffles... though not very soon because this foodie is on a budget and they're a bit on the pricey side."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b563252d0),"After the bad reviews others have posted, I was really unsure what to expect. But I was VERY PLEASANTLY surprised!The dough/crust is FANTASTIC - flavorful, and just the right crispness without being hard and burnt.It tastes like it might be almost-whole-grain. Not excessive, as in gritty, but just a bit chewy, in a good way.I had a Fun Guy pizza (yeah, I know, lol) - LOTS of mushrooms - 5 different types - and lots of cheese. Brought home the leftover, and it was just as good reheated the next day.The service wasn't bad for our large group of 8, although they did screw up the order a bit. We ordered TWO Fun Guy pizzas, but they only brought one. Not a big problem, we simply shared the first while waiting on the second.The only weird thing is that many of the beers on the extensive beer list are served in CANS - I do NOT like canned beer. For example, all the New Belgium beers, like Fat Tire, which is one of my go-to beers."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b5632523e),"Honey Bears and I are certainly friends, though not BFFs 4EVER.  It's more of a loose, friendly acquaintanceship.  I will probably not be asked to join her wedding party or any other major event in her life.  We get together, have a nice meal, then part ways again until the next time I happen to think about her and happen to be in the neighborhood.The food is decent, hearty, and if you like a sweet-spicy barbecue sauce (I do), you're well off.  The sauce is great, however the meat just doesn't do the trick.A wavering 3.5.  If there was something decently leafy on the menu, it would be at a steady four.  Salads are offered, but you get a few pieces of iceberg lettuce and that just doesn't  count.  The other saving grace for this location are the fries."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324ac5),"I seriously LOVE this place.  I just got a phone that will allow me to check-in places the other day, otherwise I'd be runner up for the Duchess!!!  I can't get enough!I LOVE the Honey Bacon Club (Turkey, Bacon, Ham, Tomatoes, Muenster Cheese and Honey Mustard panini).  I've had the Turkey Bacon Avocado Club and had bites of the Ultimate Grilled Cheese and the Vegetarian sandwiches The Boy ordered but none of them compare to my HBC! :)  I also love that you can try AS MANY SOUPS as you want before settling on one.  AND there are toppings for your soup!! Cheese, tortilla strips, sour cream, bacon... My favorite has been the Wisconsin Cauliflower - which is like potato soup except it's cauliflower instead of potatoes.  All the soups come with a generous hunk of tasty bread AAAAAANNNNNNNDDD a chocolate dipped strawberry.  Just writing this review makes me want Zupas for dinner! :) SO - why only 4 stars instead of 5? Well....its the service.  Maybe they're over-staffed because they just opened and they're training people, I dunno, but the amount of workers there wanting to take your order, say hello, wish you a nice day, etc....is overwhelming to say the least and slightly annoying.  I also appreciate the gesture of having one worker walk around (or wander aimlessly) and clear your trays for you, BUT - it makes me feel like I'm being watched while I eat.I'm hoping they reduce their staff as they get used to their flow of traffic.  Otherwise, I'll be taking my food to go! :)"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b5632582a),"For a non-Pinkberry town, its tart is okay but not great but I haven't found a good tart yogurt in Phoenix.  But its peanut butter yogurt is amazing!  Worth writing home about, or at least yelping about.  I'm not a big flavored yogurt fan but that was worth getting and I'll get it again when I go back.  It had a quality yogurt taste.  Perhaps they use real peanut butter, who knows?  If you like peanut butter, check it out!"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b563255b8),"I heard about this guy Sarah K. went out with on 12/12. They didn't quite click, but he sounded up my alley. We totally hit it off and had all kinds of romantic dinners and wild nights. Then we got married and made tons of babies and they all grew up to become supreme court justices. This is how I feel about Fate."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b56324377),"The first thing you notice about Sapna Cafe are the windows pouring natural light into this neat, white space. (For shape, think of the Flatiron Building in New York on a tiny, tiny scale.)  The windows are covered with thin 15-foot mix-and-match drapes tied to reveal Grand and 13th Ave. views.  The vaguely triangular dining room gives way to a door frame through which you find the blackboard menu and register, where you order.I took two friends on Saturday during Art Detour for a late lunch and the place was about half-full with the owner and one other person working.There are two daily specials, and I had the Garbanzos and Eggplant in a Coconut Milk Curry, which came with brown rice, baguette pieces, and a side salad of field greens modestly but flavorfully dressed, all for $6.50.  The curry was rich, warm, and filling, and the firmness of the garbanzos went well with the butter-soft eggplant.  A great lunch for the price.My friend Katie had the messy but delicious tabbouleh and chipotle hummus wrap, and my friend Kelly had a large salad with cranberries, almonds, goat cheese, and manchego.  It was dressed with balsamic vinegar only (no oil?), so the flavor was mostly sweet and tangy.The drinks, we agreed, were on the subpar side.  The orangeade was inventive and attractive on the menu, but was mostly diluted and unsatisfying for $3.Sapna's seems to be sorting out the ordering, serving, clean-up system, not to mention operating the register.  Ringing up sales took about 3-5 minutes per patron, and you pay at the end.  The half-eaten and abandoned sandwich at the adjacent table remained for our entire hour lunch.Nevertheless, I am so grateful for fresh, interesting food on Grand Ave., and I'm confident Sapna Cafe will work out the service issues.I will return."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325bf9),"Fiesta Burrito is pretty close to my office and a few months ago one of my coworkers introduced it to me for a first time. For a quick in and out Mexican place it's definitely worth it. The prices are decent, they have a fairly extensive menu, and the service is fast. The downsides?1) Parking is very limited which caused me issues for the first time today.2) Seating can sometimes be limited as well. It's a fairly small joint.3) Being a non tomato fan and sometimes not being in the mood for guac doesn't leave me much of a choice here and my options are pretty plain and limited most of the time.With that being said, it's definitely worth trying if you are in the area. I suggest the carne asada burrito :)"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325868),"The 2 stars are based solely on food. I admit I've never stepped foot into this place. A few sandwiches have been brought back to my office, each time not fulfilling my mid-day hunger attack. The main problem I have is the price. You basically get what seems to be a couple slices of souped-up Wonderbread with some Safeway-quality lunch meats then cooked with a George Foreman Grill. I think the prices are about $8 --- if they offer a 50% off special then go for it."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325682),"JD and I went with another couple on Saturday afternoon to check this place out. Its really cool inside but we started off sitting on the patio. Before our apps came out it got cold so we moved inside. JD and I split an order of half onion rings half sweet potato fries and both were really good. What was annoying was that if you wanted dipping sauces you had to pay $0.50 for a little cup of each. You already have to pick your meat for $10, add cheese for $2 and toppings for another buck or so, talk about nickel and diming! Jeez. Everyone else got million dollar burgers, but I just picked one of the four ""pre-built"" ones for like $12. It had avocado, green chile, and cheese on it and I didnt add anything else. Everyone agreed that the burgers were pretty good   but hard to eat because A. the burger patties were quite thick B. the pickles, tomatoes and onion slices served on the side were also thick, and C. with all the other toppings ordered everything just kind of fell apart. They have very few wines by the glass and instead serve it by the small, medium or large jug. Not a bad thing, just kind of strange. A medium jug worked for two of us and beers and soda's placated the other two so not a big deal.I'd like to go back and try some of their ""snacks"" and a salad. I'm not really a burger girl and should leave those to the people who love them."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b5632479a),"Love, love, love the new look after the remodeling. And the place is more than twice the size of what it was before! No more long lines, even during tourist season.  Same great food and service are still there."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323eda),"Just did take out.  Great experience.  Easy to place my order over the phone, friendly service.  Nice that they have special pick up parking spots and entrance.  Made it an in and out operation.  Ordered the gluten free pizza with pepperoni and sausage.  My husband and son loved it and have already been asking to get it again.  I had the spaghetti calzone and was in HEAVEN.  I highly recommend it."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325097),"I love an Irish pub, and I love me some Fibber Magee's. My trips are fewer now that I live out in East Hell (Queen Creek), but when I lived in Chandler @ Dobson & Warner, I visited much more often. I still love the feel of this place - the dark wood, the high round tables. I feel like I am back in Dublin.I used to get the bangers & mash every time I visited, but the past few times my most recent time I went with fish & chips - one of my favorites. I didn't see the bangers on the menu this time, so it may have been changed. The full Irish Breakfast is exactly like I had back at the Tyrrellspass Castle Restaurant on my way to Galway, Ireland.  Wash it down with a Guinness or a Black & Tan. Sl?_inte!"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324ed7),"I visited this place on a client's recommendation with my fiance.  When we arrived we were greeted and seated promptly.  We ran into two of our friends who were there for lunch as well!  The lunch specials are great.  They were very accommodating to special orders and substitutions.  It makes me happy when I can have brown rice rather than white, and tofu rather than meat.  I enjoyed the pumpkin in the spring rolls and the cucumber slice in the water...might I also mention my love for the bendy straws.  I will be back for lunch again."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325c42),"Yum, yum, yum!!  My vegan sister is in town, so this was a great excuse to try True Food for the first time.  I love the vibe, the open kitchen, the decor, and the abundance of fruits and vegetables for your viewing pleasure!As a vegetarian, it's so refreshing to go to a restaurant and have lots of CHOICES!  And healthy ones at that!  I started with the Cucumber Lemonade, which was the perfect combination.  My husband got the Green Arnie (green tea and lemonade), again, delicious.  A little pricey, but that's okay.  My sister tried the Hangover Cure, which was too much coconut for me but she loved it.  We started with the hummus, and in my experience it can be a little bland but this was flavorful.  I loved the addition of tomatoes, feta, cucumber and olives.  We also ordered the Kale salad to share - and let me tell you - I would eat this everyday if I could!!!  Tasty!For my main dish I had the Tomato and Olive Oil pizza, which was surprisingly flavorful despite being kind of boring.  I could have gone for more basil, but that's just me.  It did hit the spot though.  Others enjoyed the steak tacos and the spaghetti squash.  Let me tell you, we were all part of the ""clean plate club"" and had a great time trying each others dishes.  It feels so good to eat this way.  When my husband saw the initial portions, he thought he'd leave still hungry.  Come to find out - he was happily satisfied.  We'll be back for lunch in the near future!"
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323c6e),I went here the other night with the roommate to eat some serious sushi. We arrived at about 8:00 p.m. and were instantly greeted at the door and quickly seated.  The restaurant is small and intimate and they have a sushi bar that you can chill at.  There were sushi specials where Nigiri were only a couple dollars and special sushi rolls that priced around 3 to 4 dollars apiece.  We ate 3 pieces of Nigiri and 3 other sushi rolls. Our total bill was about $25.00.  I definitely recommend this restaurant if you are in the North West Phoenix area.
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323efb),"Went for the lunch buffet. The Garlic naan was pretty much the best I had in Phoenix. They had basmati rice, Daal, Palak Paneer (Saag Paneer), Potatoes and Mushrooms, Paneer, Chicken Makhani, Another type of chicken( which was the best dish) and tandoori chicken(not really great).Over all a really good indian buffet in the Phoenix area. Will probably go back again."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323dc7),"The first time I visited Petite Maison, it was for lunch on a cold and rainy afternoon. As I rushed past the wet outdoor seating, I promised myself I would come back in better weather and enjoy an evening on the patio. One should never break promises, especially the ones you make to yourself. So, I was more than happy to return recently for wine and appetizers under the stars! No rain here - just a beautiful night for dining alfresco. The patio, complete with lit fireplace, was like a garden party surrounded by plants and flowers. I couldn't have asked for better atmosphere. Sitting back and sipping a nice glass of Latour Domaine de Valmoisinne Pinot Noir I thought ""this is as good as it gets"". What was I thinking? Of course it could get better - I hadn't even eaten yet! We weren't ""full meal"" hungry, so my friend and I decided on a few appetizers to enjoy along with our wine: Escargots en Cro?te - this was my first experience with escargot, and I will admit that due to an unfortunate childhood snail incident I was a bit hesitant. My bravery was rewarded by the perfect combination of garlic, herbs, pernod and butter, all capped off by puffed pastry. Yes, I dipped my bread in the segments of the serving dish to absorb more garlicky goodness. Moules Maison - I am a huge fan of mussels and these didn't disappoint. They were nicely sized, and served in a white wine and thyme broth. More bread-dipping ensued... Soup ? l'onion - I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE onion soup and this was among the best I have tasted. The broth was rich and flavorful, with just the right amount of caramelized onions. It was topped with bubbling gruyere cheese that made each and every bite so very good. Our server was attentive and informative - she really knew the menu! Extra points for keeping us stocked with warm herb rolls. When asked about one of the after dinner drinks on the menu, she even produced a sample of Armagnac Samalens. While I didn't try it, my friend wanted to ""bathe in it"" so I am assuming it was very good! I can't wait to go back..."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324bcb),"The first time you eat at Carlsbad Tavern you will notice the newspaper menu titled Carlsbad Daily Guano. At lunch time I will normally eat the Crab Stuffed Poblanos which is two poblano chilies stuffed with crab meat, peppers, onions and cilantro covered in a smoked cascabell & yellow bell cream sauce.After 4:00 PM you can order dinner entr??es I recommend the Osso Bucco which is pork shank slow roasted with serranos, garlic, onion and leeks with an apple chipotle glaze. Or the Red Chile-encrusted Halibut which is baked and encrusted with red chile spices and chipotle lime beurre blanc. If you look to the top right of each entr??e selection you will notice the wine pairing that is recommended for each dish.If you like New Mexico styled food with green chiles you will love Carlsbad Tavern I think the food has the correct amount of heat and is not to spicy except for one item the Habanero Cheeseburger which comes with freshly ground habanero chilies mixed into the ground beef don't say I didn't warn you but umm good. A Habanero pepper is freaking ridiculously hot checking in at 100,00 to 300,000 Scoville units of ass kicking heat come on ice cream.Warning this burger may cause temporary blindness or loss of hearing."
ObjectID(5165b71d74c3068b56325ec7),"Years ago, and I do mean years ago, their Mill Avenue location in Tempe, was outstanding.As they expanded, the food along with the total expierence has gone DOWNHILL, big time.Why has this happened ... they're doing franchising.  I'm suggesting a name change:""My Big Fat Greek Disappoinment"""
ObjectID(5165b71d74c3068b56325e43),"I can't believe I never tried this place before. I guess the name threw me off. Sounds like a Bakery, right? Well I was going to try this other restaurant and stumbled upon this place.I was pleasantly surprised because it looked like a Panera Bread and has an awesome offering of soups, multiple sandwich combinations, pastries, and breakfast.I had the braised beef which had rosemary-gorgonzola mashed potatoes on a grilled Ciabatta roll, served with au jus, horseradish sauce, original and sweet potato chips for $7.99. It was delicious and just the right serving size. My wife had the half Wildflower Chicken Salad chicken breast, red and green peppers, jicama, celery, green onion, lemon, garlic and mayo with tomato, cucumber, romaine and clover sprouts on Nine Grain for $7.19 plus the French Onion Soup. She loved every bite and slurp. I just wish the tables weren't so close together. It would be ok to walk between tables if you were a 90 pound gymnast. But, sadly, most of us aren't built that way.I can't wait to go back and try some of the other items on the menu."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325a89),"This place is pissing me off.I've been going to Richardson's since 1995.  Yes, I have.  That was 1.  before the place burned down,  2.  when they had a separate pizza menu with 25 delicious zzas that they served until 1 a.m.   3.  they had a short-glass full of loose cigarettes at the bar that patrons could just help themselves to  4.  when they'd serve free appetizer bites to folks around the bar  5. you could park your OWN car, and enter through the secret door in the back, and 6.  when the staff weren't jerks and appreciated the customer.  That's the part that gets me about this place now.The food....great.  It's unique.  Try finding anything else like it anywhere, except New Mexico. I dare you.  Portions are ridiculous. You pay for it, but you can spend $20 easy for dinner at Red Lobster.  And this is no Red Lobster.The atmosphere...great too.  Music is usually spot on. The place is comfortable. I like the no-windows thing, especially in the summer....it's cave-like.The staff....jackasses.  Look, I know there's a line out the door, but you're still in the hospitality business.  So quit making me feel like i've got some-nerve asking to eat here. Get over yourself.  It's your jobbbbbbbbbb.......I will say this, the cooks are some of the hardest working folks I've ever seen.  They are machines, and work magic in that tiny kitchen...somehow never running into one another. So, bravo cooks, keep it up.So, go.  Just don't expect to feel welcomed."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325b26),"enjoyed my visit to canteen modern tequila.  OMG..loved the wonderful margaritas and delicious salsa trio with chips.  we also both ordered the tacos which were on happy hour and i went with the chicken and the husband went with the carne asada.  I did sample his carne asada taco and it was tasty but the only issue was that the meat had a little too much gristle. overall, a great place and i loved the outdoor lively vibe."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323400),"Pleasantly surprised at this little gem.  I had the curry tofu and my partner had the orange tofu... we finally stepped outside our box. (I usually will order something like the moo goo gai pan at restaurants like this)We are glad we stepped out of the box because it was excellent.  The orange tofu had an excellent glaze and still kept it's nice softness on the inside.  Same with the curry. The curry was nice and spicy, just like it's supposed to be and doesn't kill you with the spice.We didn't have an issue with the rice like other reviewers did... not special, but not bad either.The staff were real nice.There was a steady flow of people moving in and out of the place, even at 1pm.It was quick, easy, cheap and tasty.  Definitely worth it."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323492),"This is about the fourth visit to Goldmans and although a lot of people rave about it, I don't think it's as good as Chompies.I had the pastrami sandwich on this visit, and although it was good, it simply doesn't have the flavor that Chompies has. That being said, it's still a good choice for a big deli sandwich, and a good value when considering the size of the sandwiches.Their breads are very fresh, and portions huge, but still, not as tasty as Chompies...."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325270),"Copper Star Coffee -  A lucky stumble off of Seventh Ave. The coffee is excellent and the ambiance inviting. The menu offers a variety of beverage and food options, yet is not overwhelming. Either a scone, cupcake or sandwich (which are all homemade by the way) compliment a latte wonderfully. The combo of the coffee, food, comfy couches, stacks of magazines and free WiFi, makes Copper Star better than my own living room!"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324b5f),"Genghis Grill is an awesome spot for the authentic Mongolian grill experience. Fresh meats, seafood and vegetables make this new chain far superior to YC's.. The biggest difference is that they suggest to put the sauce on last, which gives the food a far better flavor. (it burns off any other way) you would think YC's would have figured that out over the years.Genghis also features a full bar with include a daily sake bomber special. Definitely worth checking out!"
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323479),Tried the new NoRTH this Sunday in Arcadia and we sat outside and loved the atmosphere!  The fondue bread appetizer was awesome and to die for! I could have eaten the whole thing myself! We shared the Italian Salad and the beet salad and both were delicious. We also shared the beef short rib gnocchi and the rock shrimp pasta and both were great. Save room for the Italian donuts in cheese cream sauce. Extremely decadent!  Great place! I would go back and sit at the bar if I were by myself. The bar is nice and opens inside to the outside just like Hawaii!
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323ec1),"Oh shit!  Literally.  I was at this location on Sunday night (2/25/07) and it was horrible.  The first thing we noticed was that there weren't any dishes.  It was like nothing new was being washed and brought out for customers to use.  Then the place started to smell bad... and then we noticed the waste water bubbling up from the floor drains behind the salad bar.  It was like something out of a horror movie.  We left in a hurry... a drainage grate in the parking lot was flowing with more raw sewage.  It was amazingly gross.  Any good experiences I've ever had in this place are moot... I'm never going back to this location again."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323b5f),"Dear Pugzie's, I am going to have to change your name to ""Granny's"" because your warm bread, soft cookies and delicious homemade soups remind me of a little hug from my miniature pill-poppin' granny. When I'm feeling like I should have packed my own lunch, I'll come see you. The only thing missing is a sweet note written on my lunch napkin.  Today you made me some brocolli cheese soup, and I snagged a magazine from the community kiosk (US Weekly - summer bathing suits hot-or-not issue) and had myself quite the nice little lunch. Thanks for keepin' it real grandma, I'll be back next week for another visit! Love,MIchelle"
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b56324585),"This place is a hidden gem. I had to beg my wife to try this place, because she is such a creature of habbit. She is so glad that I talked her into giving it a try. We shared a pulled pork bbq sandwich and salad. The food and service were above average in every way possible. The place is remodeled, so the dining area shows well. The updates are modern. I was amazed that we were the only ones dining. I think that once this place catches on it will be busy so check it out while it's still unknown. They have a nice selection of beer and there is also outdoor seating. We live very close by, so we will definatley be back!"
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b563240c9),"Went here for dinner with a group of 11. The service was great, the food was okay. I had the blackened fish tacos and the flavor was good, but it was nothing more than fish in a tortilla, nothing special. My favorite thing about this restaurant was the basket of chips they put on your table. They had everything from regular tortilla, deep fried, sweet pototao and blue corn chips. The margaritas were great too. I'd go back again because they do have a great outdoor patio, but the food is nothing memorable."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b563252d0),"Don't let the Hard Rock Cafe-style t-shirt shop at the front entrance scare you away from a solid pizza and beer joint.I had been to another Mellow Mushroom in Columbia, S.C., so I was expecting dark, cramped and a little grimy. You know, like a real college town. This one is bright, loud and wide open.So the Tempe location couldn't shake the corporate vibe of the what-the-heck-is-this-doing-in-a-college-town Z Gallerie it replaced. And it's not gonna stop longtime Tempe townies from whining about the good ol' days of Long Wong's.But Mellow Mushroom is a simple concept - pizza and beer. And they pretty well crush it.First up is the beer list. They have more than 40 beers on tap, including smaller local players like SunUp and Lumberyard as well as rarities like Bell's Oberon. Most of them go for $6 a pint or $7 for a 20-ounce glass. Not the worst prices in town, but they're gonna need some drink specials to keep the ASU crowd hanging out.The pizza lineup is equally impressive. My wife has a severe tomato intolerance, which takes a lot of the fun out of pizza night. I get awful tired of eating everybody's ""bianca"" or ""blanca"" - the ubiquitous specialty pizza that subs garlic sauce and puts a few dabs of ricotta on top. Props to Mellow Mushroom for offering a whopping seven specialty pizzas sans tomato sauce and two non-tomato sauce options for custom pies.We got the Red Skin Potato Pie, which also had bacon, onion, chives and a ranch drizzle. I'd worry about a pizza like that being too starchy, but the thin-sliced potatoes worked in perfect harmony with the other toppings.We also got the pretzels, which are giant knots of MM's pizza dough (these guys like to brag about the dough). Troy S. might have had different expectations, but we thoroughly enjoyed the soft, hot, doughy concoctions.Our waitress seemed like she was having fun as she introduced herself as our guide to a ""magical mystery tour of flavor,"" and the restaurant's sprawling, open floorplan seemed like it would work well for large groups.Bonus: They validate your parking for the Centerpointe garage, which will save you six bucks.So here's a recap: Pizza + beer = awesome. Clever pizza + eclectic beers = even awesomer. Mellow Mushroom is solid execution on this brilliantly simple concept. I'm not going to buy a t-shirt or proclaim this place the savior of Mill Avenue, but this college-town staple is a welcome addition that's worth the trip to downtown Tempe."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b563241e1),"Every once in a while, you just need to enjoy good southern cooking.I was taken to Lo-lo's while visiting Phoenix.The Sweet Tea is served in a mason jar and comes with a diabetic attack. I had the Betty Bop - fried chicken breast and waffle. The waffle was really the stand out portion of the meal, but the two did work together.You don't have to get the chicken and waffle combo. But come on, don't be like that.We went Friday before lunch, and we were sitting and eating in 10 minutes, but from the looks of the other reviews, that isn't normal."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323464),"Su Vino is my out of the way, go to spot.  I've brought the girls here, done the whole after work relax thing, gone on multiple double dates, used groupons, not used groupons, planned a private party of 80 here, and a large group of 13.  I continue to go back, and will continue to do so... whether I check in or not.  (Out of the way, remember... don't want to give it away)Yes sometimes the service can be a bit spotty, sometimes it is weird to be the only people in there, and sometimes you'll show up only to find out its not open at that time for something or a-rother. However the service can also be awesome and when you are there for hours shooting the shit; you don't always need a server in your business.  I also have been to known to like it when we have the place practically to ourselves, the crowd varies a lot and my friends and I aren't exactly known as quiet.  And having also rented the spot out for a private surprise engagement party... I'll respect it when they do it for others.On that note, highly recommend this venue for a cocktail/mingle event.  The set up of the spot is perfect, tall tables and soft lighting are great for groups.  We had them put out giant boards with their spread of antipasto/cheeses/fruits etc. for everyone to knosh on, and they did a great job keeping them fresh and stocked.  We selected 4 options from their wine menu for the guests to choose from, and the staff was very engaging while pouring and answering questions.  They even made a custom bottle/label for the bride and groom to be.  Su Vino also has a section where you can get all hands on and bottle the wine.   I haven't done it personally, but it looks like a great group activity and a conversation starter at the least. When I go with the girls or in smaller groups I always start off with their taster flight selection for 10 dollars.  It is so much fun trying them out, again and again, with whomever I'm with... and then making by the glass or bottle selections from there.  I recommend their cheese and meat small plates, perfect to share and compliment each other well.  If you don't see the games out, ask.  A rousing round of Boggle or Chess can be a great addition to any evening, and can turn those large tables into justttt the right fit."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324e27),"My good friend Bacon (see review below) and his partner invited me to Sunday brunch. And going off of my first impression, I'm a fan of this place. I had one of their skillets--a poached egg, filet mignon, potatoes and shitake mushrooms. Filet. Mignon. Those words alone on a brunch menu is a rare occurrence. And I would not have thought to combine it with mushrooms I usually associate with stuff my Chinese mom cooked for us growing up. But the flavors really worked. The meat was just right, not fall-off-the-bone tender. The potatoes had flavor too. And it wasn't an insane portion. $10 for a meal that includes pieces of filet mignon--pretty good deal! In such an intimate--but not totally cramped--space, you can easily strike up a conversation with the owner/chef, hostess and any other staff. All three could not have been nicer while we were there. Also, love their taste in furniture and can't wait 'til the weather improves and the cool patio will be available. Also, let's hope that liquor license comes through soon!"
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b56324163),"I'm going to go against the *grain* here and say that I hate this new artisan bread movement. I miss the days when bakeries made warm fresh soft bread composed mostly of butter and white flour. I blame Atkins and his ""fuck you, bread"" campaign... it's not like America is any less fat today for all his efforts. Wildflower is pretty much another one of those artisan bread bakeries... dry, stale tasting, and mostly crust. Given that, I'm not partial to their sandwiches. I thought I'd like their grilled cheese, but once I was done gnawing on my fried sea sponge oozing with oily cheddar, I realized I was wrong. If I could sum up their sandwiches in one word, that word would be ""dry"" - but I could easily think of a dozen others that would be suitable substitutes, and none of them are flattering. Aside from that, they have awesome salads and pasta and you can't really beat the price for what you get. I think they have good ingredients and for these reasons alone, this place would get 4 stars... they lose half a star (which is why I dropped them down to 3) because their tables are always filthy and covered with someone's dirty plates. 90% of the times I've been here, I've had to clear my own tables. Most people are huge fans of Wildflower and I do like it... I'd just rather eat at Pita Jungle if I'm in this area. It does make for a great alternative if Pita is packed. It's certainly cheaper and quicker."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324a3e),"The burgers... Taste like real beef and not fillers! Delicious! The fries weren't my favorite part of the meal. I had the Cajun, which I'm sure were more flavorful than the regular... But still nothing to write home about. They make up for it with the tasty burgers and drinks. Who doesn't love any place with a Coke Freestyle machine?! :-) I'll definitely be back."
ObjectID(5165b71d74c3068b56325cc6),"Loved this place since it open but they have changed their menu up a little and it seems they have cut corners and products out of there repartee.  The sandwich I got this weekend was very bland and somewhat disappointing in portion size I've grown accustom to at the ""WBC"" and they've discontinued making their bread salad. (Very disappointing)  I will be back but with fewer expectations I guess.I received an apology letter from the founder and an offer to refund my money.  I don't need a refund... this is not what Yelp is about, but it was really refreshing to know that a company still cares about their customers reviews.  After re reading my review it may have sounded worse than my experience actually was.  The sandwich I got was a new one from their menu named the Spicy Chipotle Egg Sandwich, it was good but I like SPICY!!!  I may order it again and just ask for an extra egg and some more chipotle sauce.  The gentleman did give me the recipe for the salad that I've enjoyed in the past.   This type of service is what makes a customer for life."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325b1c),"I guess there is something wrong with me because I really didn't think their beer was all that great.  They have the typical brews that all the other little breweries make and nothing really stood out from the crowd to me.  I went there last night at about 7ish with a group of  5 people.  Sleepy Dog should give fellow Yelper Evan B. some sort of reward because he is absolutely in love with this place and has brought about 15 new people here so far.  There were like 4 other people enjoying some beer and that was about it so it was pretty quiet.  The place is very clean and had pretty unique decor as far as breweries go (well lit, not too loud, etc.).  In front there are about a 6ish tables, a couch, a machine that makes free popcorn, and some TVs up on the walls.  In the back is where the brewing happens.  That pretty much sums up the place.The service was excellent and so were the prices.  Our waitress was fast, friendly and helpful.  Their sampler is probably the best I've had in a while.  You get 8 good sized samples for under $6 which is a great deal.  Between that and our table's 8 pumpkin beers, the total bill was $30."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b563243c8),"Wow, thanks to Yelp I would have never stopped into this place.  I never find myself in this area much and would not have gone out of my way unless I read some great reviews on Yelp first.  So I bookmarked it Tuesday and 2 days later here I am.  Man the food was great, I had the number 100 which was recommended by the nice waitress.  It was a red beef tamale, beef taco, cheese enchilada, beans & rice.  My 3 year old son was with me so I got him a chicken taco with rice.  I have to say that the taco was the best i have ever had for authentic Mexican.  It was a homemade taco shell (which is really key) and full of meat, cheese, & lettuce.  Not to mention the hot sauce/salsa was spicy and very flavorful and went perfect on this taco.  I loved the tamale too, it wasn't dry and was packed full of meat, the cheese enchilada had a great red sauce and the cheese over everything was not overwhelming.  The beans were great as well which is an important test if you want to know how good a Mexican food place is...well that and the chips and salsa which were addictive too.  The atmosphere is casual with lots of decorations and pictures, you can tell it has been here a long time but it does not look old and run down.  The service was just awesome which is rare for an authentic Mexican joint, and the owner or manager came over and made my son a dog out of a balloon for him and it kept him busy the whole meal.  Thank you ""Mi Patio"" and thank you ""Yelpers"" as well."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b563243dc),"Sunday nights are not overwhelming. I doubt this place is ever empty, but at least it wasn't packed! Great service. Thanks, Bruce! As good as the butterfish is, I loved the lobster!! Served in the shell, butter poached, the best I have ever had!! Get the surf & turf, it is worth it! Filet was cooked perfectly!!In general, I noticed how the servers were very knowledgeable with what temperatures the meat & fish should be cooked too, and the chefs prepared everything with excellence. Lobster california roll was nothing special. Hibachi salmon was good, macadamia nut mahi mahi was good.Interesting spice on the edamame.The portions are not huge, but they are reasonable and enough food. Pricing is appropriate for what you get as well. Nice plus is that if you don't prefer what the meal comes with, you can sub the sides and there was not an additional charged as I had feared. (subbed rice & bok choy for truffle cream corn risotto-it wasn't for me, but it was prepared very well.)Definitely a place for a fun occasion. ( I ran my 8th half marathon, so afterwards, I wanted a meal with ambiance and this didn't disappoint!!)$5 valet with validation. It's the JW Marriott, not Red Lobster, so we were happy to have someone bring us our car.Service=5, Ambiance=5, Quality/Taste of Food= 5 StarsI greatly look forward to going back!! I had my eye on those lobster potstickers!"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324f0a),"Location: 51st ave & Northern (Northeast corner)I don't really get the ""shady vibe"" some got from this location. Inside, the decor is exotic, welcoming and...unexpected. Being in a strip mall, I didn't expect such attention to detail. The Food: Fantastic. But oddly, whenever we eat AT the restaurant, the food is rave-ingly good. It seems when we take it to go, we've gotten dry, unimpressive meals a few times. Not sure what that's about.I love that they use the broccoli stalks rather than the heads. Definitely cuts the gas factor down for me.My favorite meals:* Crispy Fried Fish ($11.95) - Non-fishy tasting catfish in an awesome coconut curry sauce...mmmm...Ironically, the fish is NOT crispy but who cares?* Just tried the Pad-See-Yew Noodles last night ($8.95) and I looooooooooooooooooooved it. The noodles were buttery tasting and the fried tofu (you can choose from tofu, beef, pork, chicken, shrimp, scallops, squid, or seafood combo) was a great firmish consistency.* Thai Egg rolls ($2.50 for 2) - Yummy but they contain chicken and now that I'm vegetarian, can't have 'em.* Fried Rice is yummy and fresh... Comes with cucumbers and tomatoes which is kind of weird but refreshing.There's always plenty leftover for another tasty meal manana. The customer service is cordial and friendly.The Bad:1) Closed Mondays (weird day to close)2) No website (in this day and age, there is no excuse for this. No one says you have to get all fancy and post the menu and stuff but even if you just put up 1 cheap page with your name, logo, address and directions...)3) A few issues with takeout quality4) The mounted flat screen kind of kills the ambiance."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b563235e8),"WOW!  I am very sorry that it took me so long to convince Bri D. to go here.  We went for brunch and it was amazing.  Absolutely one of the best breakfasts I have ever had.  The johnny cakes were out of this world!  They have a granola-y taste to them, are filled with blueberries, and topped with yogurt and real maple syrup.  It is this awesome combo of sweet and tart that is great.  Despite being three pancakes, they weren't heavy and dense like normal ones.  They made me feel satisfied but not ""stuffed"" and gave me lots of energy throughout the day.  That's exactly what the awesome waitress said they would do.I love this place!  It is beautiful inside, I love their theme, I love their concept, and I love the food.  Can't wait to try more."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b56324765),"This place seems to want to get rich off being featured on Food Network.  There's a big banner out front now and there are pictures all over the place of the owner (i'm guessing) and Guy.  Anyway, this is why I decided to try the place at all so maybe it worked.My friend ordered the chicken parmigiana sandwich and I went with the Linguine with Red Clam sauce.  Its a very tiny place with plastic patio chairs.  We waited for about 20 min so we had time to check out the decor.  The prices are crazy!  They charge as much as a full Italian restaurant does - I've never seen a diner, drive thru or a dive that charges so much per plate!  Skimming the menu, I'd say the average entree is about 12, appetizer is 8, desert is 5.  So by the time we got our food we were starving, but we managed to drive home which was about 5 min away.  They gave me a few pieces of bread for my pasta which was very good (and very surprising because bread is on the menu for like $5).  The pasta was overcooked and the sauce was WAAAY salty.  The portion wasn't what I expected for the price I paid at a ""dive"".  The sandwich was a little better, but nothing special.  I work at a hospital and I'd say their chicken parmigian is better.All in all, this wasn't the best experience.  I say if they want to charge so much, open an actual restaurant.  Then maybe they can serve some liquor instead of just having pictures of wine bottles everywhere and empty vodka bottles holding flowers.  (Its BYOB, $5 corkage fee).  I'm very disappointed in Food Network.  :\"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b563259e6),"This place is aggravating.I think it's because when you hear of Mexican food in the Phoenix Metro area... this is place ALWAYS gets mentioned... and WHY?? ugh, aggravating!And then you go... and are like ""Okay... I can see it, the duck pond is purty."" and then u enter and are stared at by every half drunk person in the bar and are then shown to your table. It's a little busy and people seem to be enjoying themselves.... alright, another good sign of goodness to come. The chips and salsa are even decent.... and then the server comes. And she can BARELY speak a word of English... you try and try and still can't understand her and then u just give up and point to the menu like you're some drunken college student stopping off at Denny's before heading back to the dorm after a CRAZY night at the frat house! She writes some stuff down and then after what feels like an eternity, she plops down a HUGE plate of whatever you ordered and all it's rubbery good-less. *shudders*yup, aggravating. You try and try and become convinced that something isn't right. You think, what IS that flavor?? Nana never made anything that tasted like THAT!! But alas, your efforts are in vain... that's the horrifying facts of this would be chain. It's 90% processed foods. It's not that good. And it's what I call ""safe"" Mexican food. and it's very tourist friendly, it IS right next to a resort! And for some strange reason, it makes the list of places to dine when hankering for ""authentic"" Mexican food. Yup... aggravating."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325a1e),"I think I've exhausted every possible thing you can do at Inside the Bungalow- drink coffee, do yoga, go on a retreat, & have a wedding! I guess I'm well versed in what they have to offer! ;)A couple of years ago I was searching out for a place to have my wedding. I had gone to Inside the Bungalow to drink coffee and enjoy their fabulous outside seating but never knew they did weddings. One Saturday I stumbled in early in the morning and saw them setting up for a wedding in the back. I knew immediately that I was having my wedding here. I can't say enough good things about the owners, Carrie and her mother. From the minute I expressed interest in having a wedding, they were nothing but generous, thoughtful, and helpful from start to finish. They were so accommodating and easy going, it felt like I was planning a wedding with a best friend instead of a business owner I hardly knew. It made the process seamless and pretty much stress-free from start to finish. In terms of their coffee and yoga, fantastic! Since I moved to the downtown Mesa area it's become my regular place to stop in, have a drink, and take a yoga class."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b5632437c),"When some co-workers suggested going to a place called Two Hippies, I wasn't sure what to expect. It sounded fun, so I accepted. I was trying to eat locally after all.As soon as we pulled up, I noticed the funky decor. I LOVED it!! There was also a large outdoor seating area. You order inside (there was barely room for three of us to be inside at once), and then they brown bag your order and write your name on it. Tacos are $3/ea. or 3 for $6. I opted for 3 tacos. I was expecting standard street tacos, but I got so much more. My carne asada tacos came with the standard onion and cilantro, but also had rice, beans, cheese, and cabbage. I wasn't a fan of the cabbage, but the tacos were delicious otherwise.Canned sodas are $1."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325487),"Had lunch here today after hearing all the colossal raves about it. However, once I walked in, I realized that any semblance of having an authentic Chinese meal went out the window (no offense, my hungry white friends!). I decided to try it out anyway, was seated by a friendly waiter and ordered the hot & sour soup (they were able to sub in chicken instead of pork - bonus) and the waiter recommended the house chicken to me. I asked for it to be made really spicy, knowing full well it wasn't going to be (no one EVER listens to me when I demand the food be spicy - listen, dammit, I'm brown, people). Anyway, that's my issue.The hot & sour soup arrived, and it was excellent. I was happy. Nothing mars a Chinese meal more than beginning it with a bowl of shiteous soup. Then came the house chicken (with string beans added for $1). Steamed rice costs another extra buck - I get annoyed when Chinese restaurants don't make it complimentary, but again, my issue. Anyway, the chicken was just ok. Nothing amazing and it still ended up feeling pretty heavy. So that dish I'm more willing to give it 2.5 stars. So why did I bump up the star wattage? I guess the service. The waiter:* noticed I wasn't devouring my dish and offered to switch it for any other dish of my choice, no extra charge. Who does this nowadays - in a Chinese restaurant no less? Extra star.* is from the SF Bay Area like myself, so he gave me the lowdown for good Asian food in Phoenix (for dimsum he recommended Golden Buddha first, Great Wall second, C-Fu third - then for Vietnamese he recommended some place on 19th Ave between Indian School & Camelback.) He agreed that Thai, Korean, and sushi in Phoenix is kind of a letdown compared to California, but almost all the Asian restaurants (he admitted, including China Chili) cater to their core customers, who by sheer demographics are pretty much not Asian. That said, he told me that China Chili is THE place people go to for Chinese food, including Chris Bianco (of Pizzeria Bianco), the mayor, folks from Channel 10 news, the owner of the Diamondbacks, etc. etc. So take that for what you will.* When I asked if this China Chili was affiliated with...""oh, the one in Fremont? No. But people say that place is good and fancy and has an electric piano."" Bonus points for knowing that.Anyway, he recommended I come back and get the Mongolian beef next time, which I'll definitely do, plus the hot & sour soup. I didn't mind the big open seating area - many Chinese restaurants in SF are like this, loud and raucous. All in all, China Chili is a case where service overcame the food (again, how often does that happen?) to come back and give it another shot. And there you have it."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323622),"This place turned to crap.  I remember when it first opened I loved this place.  I thought it was the best Chinese Food in town.  Flo took so much pride into her recipes.  I am not sure what went wrong.I can't speak for all the servers there, but ours was terrible.  No personality just a freaking robot.  She came up to the table to greet us by saying ""Are you ready to order""  How about some drinks lady?  I can get by with horrible service if the food is good, but the food was lousy.We ordered chicken lettuce cups, 2 different types of soup and 2 entrees.  They tried to bring the soup out first but I asked them if we could get our app first.  The chicken that came with the lettuce cups was just the fatty pieces of the chicken they don't used with the entree, but all minced up.  The texture was gross and the flavor was bland.  The soups were the only reason this review got 2 stars.  Pretty good.  Wife had wonton soup and I had seafood shelfish soup.  The entrees sucked.  We shared Crispy Spicy Chicken which was more like Soggy Salty Chicken and the Orange Beef which was decent but soggy which made it not as good.  The server never came by again therefore I went the whole meal without anything to drink.For sure we will not be coming back anytime soon.  I am not sure why this place stays busy, it's not worth my time.  If I wasn't so hungry, I would have returned the entrees and app."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b5632390f),"We decided to dine at Veneto Trattoria for my farewell dinner and, unfortunately, it was incredibly disappointing. The staff clearly are not trained in customer service or restaurant etiquette (e.g. grating cheese on the lady's dish first, refilling water glasses, etc).  They hung around the bar area and eyed us as we progressed through the meal.  I couldn't understand a word that our waiter said and he completely disregarded the specifics of my questions.  He could hardly remember the nightly specials; of the vague, unintelligible list about seven dishes, all I caught was ""chilled tomato soup.""Shortly thereafter, diners at an adjacent table inquired about the types of pasta on the menu.  Mr. Ego condescendingly responded, ""what kind of pasta do you like?""  They went back and forth several times until the customer decided against pasta altogether.  I don't blame him, what a hassle!  The food was completely underwhelming and overly salted.  Portions were unimpressive and basic things like mashed potatoes and pasta obviously originated from a box.  The chicken scallopene was so-so; the meager serving of veggies were the star.  I had a taste of some shell pasta with spicy sausage, it was unremarkable. Don't waste your time (or money) on overpriced, lackluster food served by a snitty,  impatient waitstaff.  Sorry fellow Yelpers, I just wasn't impressed; I am not compelled to return."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325357),"Torn between review Fez Foodies, the periodic event that allows patrons to participate in sampling yet-to-be-added menu item and tweak them based on responses and the actual restaurant that hosts said event and providing a CenPho restaurant that combines innovative cuisine with ambiance and amazing service, I settled on the latter. Because without the brick-and-mortar there would be no former. So, tonight for the first time Robert M and I joined the Fez Foodies for a sneak peak at a few items that will be coming to a plate near you. The raspberry spinach salad was wonderful. The steak with mushrooms and smashed red potatoes might need another consideration but was still a pleasant entree. Honestly, I look forward to returning and getting these items, because Fez actually takes customer input/suggestions and applies them. Fez is one of those locations where I've never gotten anything but terrific service and a great meal. I'm fond of the garlic and rosemary fries but my coworkers and friends and strangers on the light rail think I should limit myself on these as some people don't appreciate the proven medical benefits of bucket-loads of garlic and shovelfuls of rosemary. Tools. Not surprisingly, Thomas was a peach of a host. Forgive me if I seemed disinterested in conversation: we just returned from Rim Country and that experience killed my ass."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b563257ee),"Waiting for Arrogant Butcher to open, my patience was low, apprehension was high, and excitement was through the roof. Finally, the day has come when it was mine to try. Fox Concepts are hit and miss with me, as some of the ones I love are super cheesy (Olive and Ivy, Modern Steak, Bloom), and some that I don't love are ones that are extremely popular (Sauce, Blanco, and Zinburger.)What sets Arrogant Butcher apart from the rest is it is the first downtown Phoenix restaurant that Fox RC has put out there. I'm sure they are nervous, and you can tell that from the design of the restaurant... it's much smaller than normal like they are testing the waters, yet in other ways it excels in the money spent meter. Three beautiful private dining rooms, a chef's counter facing the exhibition kitchen which they spared no expense on, and a great four sided bar in the middle. The atmosphere is a definite throwback to the 40's and 50's, which is nice considering you can't find that in many places downtown. It's truly a feel of an old tavern and restaurant. Arrogant Butcher went out of their way to support local. Almost all of the beers on the tap as well as on the bottle list are Arizona breweries, there are pictures all over the restaurant of historic Phoenix landmarks and famous people, and they have done a great job of engaging the street with the patio and entrance. Yup, Sam Fox, the guy who is building a national empire of restaurants, brought downtown Phoenix a place that gives a nice sense of community.As for the food, all apprehensions were set aside when the bowl of mussels in wine sauce with spicy pork shoulder, roasted grape tomatoes, and french fries came to the table. The dish was outstanding and had me wishing I could drink the broth. My main course of the crab stuffed chicken, served cordon blue style, with myers lemon and capers was also a very well executed dish. It was served with sauteed spinach underneath which I ate ridiculously quick. Other items on the menu sounded great, and AB offers a list of meats and cheeses, as well as a daily special that rotates weekly, and a nice array of sandwiches and salads for lunch. The desserts are fantastic as well, especially the peanut butter cup dessert, which is not served the way you would think it is, and includes cookies for dipping. So no, this restaurant is not a locally owned, mom and pop style place, but rather it is a restaurant with a formula that is crowd pleasing, set in a location that could really use something of it's type, with the power to draw people in by the numbers. My biggest impression? on the first dinner service night, there were absolutely no hiccups in service. Our waitress, bussers, and drink people were all absolutely spot on. Keep it coming, Arrogance."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324e40),"My hubby has been trying to bring me here for months.  I would find an excuse every time; too far, I'm too dressed up, it's too late, like any of those had stopped me before.  Well, I guess the stars lined up for him yesterday.  My afternoon schedule was not crammed as usual and we had a sitter an a loaner car.  What more can you ask when you have to drive over 30 miles for a meal.   The place is in a little strip mall, on the Avenues side of Camelback.  I don't think I have ever been this far west on Camelback.  We got in and the owner, Esther, showed us to our table.  The music was a little loud, however within minutes it was lowered, so I guess someone else requested it before I did.  I started with a drink, the ""Island Fruity"" and shared a hand pie with my hubby.  The drink was deliciously sweet and the pie was spicy.  Great combination.  For my entree, I had the Yassa chicken and I had to order a side of the plantains.  My chicken was very good, I liked the sauce that topped it, it had papers, onions and olives in a creamy dijon, peanut sauce.  Too bad this place is so far away.  I would love to come back to try other dishes.  Maybe the stars will line up again another time."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323c0f),"This is one of my favorite 'celebration night out' places.  The owners are wonderfully nice and friendly.  The service was great - excellent timing on filling water, clearing table - it was all seamless. Now the food!  Home made pasta, fresh and original. Everything was tempting but I can never resist the specialty of the day - seafood linguini, mushroom sauce, or any other meats - gently cooked!  Perfect! With a bottle of wine, meal and dessert - it can get pricey but it's well worth it! They do offer Valentine 'take out baskets' which are reasonably priced (considering) and sound wonderful -i must admit, i have never tried them though."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323809),"It was great to find a New York / Jewish style Deli in the middle of Phoenix on my last trip out there.  Miracle Mile doesn't hold back on their servings and prices albeit a tad high, is well worth it.  You can't go wrong with the 3-D Sandwich Combo, it has Corned Beef, Pastrami, and Roast Beef.  Ask them to toss in some thousand island and sauerkraut.  I beleive they have multiple locations, so google or yelp them!"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b5632499b),"I am with some of the others in not understanding these poor reviews. I am from Rhode Island and Italian food is at our fingertips, and in Arizona, there are few and far between authentic non chain Italian restaurants. I feel that although ambiance is important, I didn't see anything wrong with Lo Cascio's. There were no cheesy paper protectors over a linen table cloth, and there were no paper place mats with several business names, so not sure what the issue was there. And as far as the music....I would be annoyed too if I had to work there every night, but again, it only added to the atmosphere. In my opinion, some of the best Italian food does not come with yuppie atmosphere.  For the appetizer we had the fried mozzarella which my husband and I enjoyed very much. The marinara poured over it was on the chunkier side and I loved it because it tasted just like a sauce an old Italian friend of mine made. It was perfect. I had eggplant parmesan for my entree, and it tasted just like NYC Italian. The eggplant didn't have the shit fried out of it, and it had the finest light coating just the way I love my favorite dish. And my husband had veal milanese which was out of this world. It was in a sauce of lemon and wine, mushrooms and artichokes.  I also want to mention, we had the most Attentive waitress that I have ever had. Her name is Katie, and she was very sweet always asking us after each course if we needed anything and how everything tasted.  We will definitely be back here, we live down the road now in our new home and I am very happy there is a great little Italian restaurant nearby. I am also happy I didn't let the negative reviews scare me."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324f85),"When Tempe Market place was being put together...I though WOW a swanky place where college kids and laid back adults could get together and enjoy themselves.  Cadillac Ranch was being built...and the hype was hot enough to make you buy a meal ahead of time.  Read the reviews but thought...what they hey lets try it out.  And now I see why it has two stars...should have listened to the other yelpers -_-... went there is Good ole' Rada, thought it would be nice to enjoy the day outside.  Nearly Drowned by the ample amount of misters.  Thought to self...hmm well at least the food should be good.  Ordered the sliders meal... maybe they were scarce on meat, but the slider patties were the size of silver dollars, tasty but small.  Yes the service was slow; my glass was getting refilled faster by the misters than the actual waiter. It gets two stars in my book for the service and the overall experience (for lunch that is). you get what you pay for..and for 11 bucks, a couple barbie sized patties in human size buns, a not so 'AHH' diet coke, and 5 oz of wine (and that's on the 2.00 happy hour deal) ... kind of seems appropriate.  I recommend this if you are stuck hanging around Tempe Market place and you have just a few bucks and feel like getting close to full...and now I think that Tempe Market place took Mill Ave's charm...and they need to step up to compensate killing a once adorned chill out spot for ASU and Tempe.  Shopping is good...we could deff replace CR for perhaps Sakana? Who knows...Bye for now!"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324c7f),"This restaurant has been open for about 7 months in my old 'hood in Scottsdale in the Sonora shopping mall off the 101 and FLW between the Best Buy and Staples. The restuarant has a sister location in Mesa.The owners are Thai. The decor is clean, neat, almost quaint, and without a lot of Thai decorative influences. They do play a sort of Ttradional Thai melodies meets New Age Relaxation type CD, and it is relaxing. I came for lunch. They run 10 lunch specials for $6.95, which includes a side salad of romaine and carrot strips with a light soy/sesame dressing. To satisfy the mostly Caucasian Scottsdale neighborhood, the choices are part Chinese (Orange Chicken, Kung Pao), Japanese (Chicken Teriyaki) and Thai (Pad Thai, Panang).I had Panang Chicken curry, which came with your choice of fried or steamed rice (steamed Jasmine). The curry comes in your preferred spice level from 1 to 5. Pick 3, which is about right for most. The curry had a nice flavor, with nice small pieces of chicken with juliened red bell peppers. I added a Thai iced tea to drink for $2. They have the usual colors of curries, all about $10, soups like Tom Yum Koong, Salads like Yum Woon Sen, Larb, and Papaya, and noodles like Pad Thai, Pad Se Ew, and Rad Nar. A bit Americanized, but tasty and very reasonable. There are few choices for Thai in Scottsdale, so if you have craving, try this one."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b563243dc),"I've eaten at Roy's in several different locations (New York, Philadelphia, Hawai'i) and I pretty much know what to expect and I had high expectations since the other locations were always very good.This location did not disappoint but I do have one major complaint.The service was good.  The hostess that greeted us was friendly, but one of the waiters was hanging out around the hostess stand flirting with them and quite frankly was annoying them and me.  Our waitress was friendly and efficient (she was not the red headed monster as some reviewers previously described).The food was typical Roy's - very good.  I had the butterfish (of course) and it was excellent.  The portion was a bit small however and left me wanting more.  My wife's scallops were good, but she was a bit disappointment with them - a tad bit too overcooked.We sat outside and it was perfect weather.  The lighting was very poor but they did give us little flashlights to read the menu by.The major complaint I have is that this location is overpriced.  While I understand that you are paying a premium because of the ""Roy's"" name, I found the pricing way out of line for a restaurant in Phoenix.  The pricing was more in line with a New York or San Francisco.  Not cool and I would not go back to this location for this reason. I'd give it 3 1/2 Stars if I could. The Marriott Hotel that the restaurant is inside is stunning by the way.  I definitely recommend staying there."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324fc2),"We bought 4 today for $10, independence day cupcake, cookies n cream, german chocolate, and carrot. All were really good, I liked them better than sprinkles, since I thought those were way too sugary."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b563253b9),"I admit I'm not a huge BBQ fan, as it usually makes me feel like exploding afterwards but since my dining partner loves BBQ, we've eaten here a lot. The meat is pretty good but at least one of the meats has been dry each time I've been. My favorite has been the ham. The spicy BBQ sauce is pretty darn tasty too. I've found myself putting black pepper on the mac and cheese to spice it up and haven't been all that impressed with the rest of their sides either. I'm a big fan of sides at BBQ places, even more than the meat, so when sides disappoint I get sad. :(I dumped out their homemade root beer after one sip. Don't know what was about it but it was very *off for me, and I seriously love root beer. My dining partner loved it so ehhh...maybe it's just me. The place is very interesting on the inside, the decor reminds me of a mid century cafeteria but more modern. They have a huge hand painted mural of a farm and a large outdoor seating area for parents to let their kids run around in while they eat. Joe's gets packed. I've seen the line wrap around to the outside on the weekends. I don't think it's worth waiting the 20-30 minutes in line for, but then again I don't think a lot of places are worth that wait for cafeteria style dining."
ObjectID(5165b71d74c3068b56325f7e),"I've never paid so much to be so disappointed in my life.This was my dad's Christmas present this year. It's ALL he wanted. After we showed up for our RESERVATION we waited another 10 minutes. We were sat on a very busy night, and I'm trying to keep that in mind. Our female server had little to no interest in serving us - intent on keeping an eye on all her tables. She wouldn't even look us in the eye. Never. Made. Eye contact. My dad is REALLY hard of hearing and asked her to repeat herself. She actually got exasperated. Like...huffed. I'm sorry - look around. That's your clientele. People can't hear. Especially on a busy night.We ordered, and felt supremely RUSHED. Our dishes were constantly being taken away from us before we were even finished. I ordered the Mahi Mahi, the nights ""special"" - I swear I have seen the exact same dish at Bangle Barbeque in Disneyland. And paid about $15 LESS. It's pretty sad that the best thing I had that night was the free liver pate. That stuff was amazing. So...yay liver.We ordered drinks, appetizers, and desserts READ - $$$ - and yet all our server was looking at were the more expensive LOOKING tables. Older gents in suits. Not a family. Now, I'm aware this is mostly about the server - but isn't that the face of a restaurant? I had a HORRIBLE time - the server severely negatively impacted our entire meal. It was my last weekend visiting my folks. It was awful.After we paid, we actually went into the bar - hoping to not feel so rushed and relax with each other a little while. It almost felt like it was something the management told everyone to do: servers, bussers, runners - everyone was RUSHING. There was no time to enjoy anything.Well, the BAR was an entirely different story. We had a GREAT time, stayed a couple hours! Didn't feel rushed, patrons were happy and everyone was having a great time, as was the bartender! I noted to myself that if I HAPPEN to ever come back, I will sit in the bar. It made a horrible night, sting a bit less.The place is good for sports fans I guess and people in a hurry - or who have money to intimidate, but if you're looking for a great meal, and an enjoyable time, save your money and dignity. Go elsewhere. Except the bar. You can go to the bar."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b56324394),"Better than a jab in the eye, that's for sure.In all seriousness, TMI is a great spot thus far for the busy downtown lunch crowd. I've been twice since opening, once for happy hour drinks and another for lunch. While the draft beer selection leaves something to be desired, the bottled selection is a notch above standard fare. As mentioned in previous reviews, Four Peaks is near and dear to my heart but I can throw rocks from almost any point in Phoenix and hit a pub/restaurant with their beers. At least they have Hop Knot, which most places do not have on draft.Sampled thus far from the menu: Chips and Salsa, of which neither are store bought, chips are thin and appropriately salted. The salsa is medium, as stated on the menu, but with a good consistency and just a hint of heat.TMI Dip, with bits of jalapenos in a warm cheese sauce this appetizer really hits the spot. A generous amount of bread chips is given along with and the quantity went the distance of the dip, which can be a problem sometimes (I'm thinking pita and hummus, never enough pita)2na sammy, warm tuna with tomatoes and onions on a buttery bun. I can say I was satisfied but it seemed almost... bland. I'll probably give it another shot when I've gone through other menu items.Past what I sampled personally, I've seen the veggie sandwich, the griddled cheese (very cheesy!) and the coney. A friend called TMI's coney the best ""hot dog"" he's had in Phoenix. A lofty claim to be sure, but it did look excellent, maybe I'm just a sucker for mustard (which looked homemade).Chips with pickle or mixed greens as the sides of the hour for the entrees, I've had both and found the chips to be my preference. The mixed greens could use, something, anything really to win me over. Postinos standard greens, dressing, cherry tomatoes and pine nuts aren't over the top but seem much more appealing. I can say the house dressing on the greens is great.I've finally arrived at my negative comment, the service. I'm unfamiliar with the experience level of the servers but on both occasions my party has sat on the patio and each time the servers were sub-par. First time around we sat with empty glasses for 5-10 minutes on multiple occasions, though it was 6-7:30 and not particularly busy outside. The second encounter (lunch) was met with a server who seemed nervous and failed to correctly take my orders ""quirk"", I asked for the mixed greens WITH the pickle as well (on the previous trip my friend had this done without any issue). It's minor, but worth the mention as I think pickles are divine gifts from the heavens.I'm excited to have a good lunch spot to meet friends during the week, I only hope that the draft selection gets a bit more variety and the servers shake off the opening jitters to really kick some ass."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b563255b8),The food is always excellent and the atmosphere and waitstaff are wonderful as well.   I love having a drink at the outdoor bar next door while I wait for my table at Fate.  The food is always really fresh and unlike anywhere in Phoenix! They always take reservations and I love how they serve food late--one of only a few places in the area!
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b5632423d),"Great Southwestern restaurant.  The food is incredible, especially the stacked enchiladas.  Normally I do not eat heavy foods, but this was way too good to pass up.  The chips and salsa were very tasty as well.Service was very friendly and timely.  The interior is pedestrian at best, but still a pleasant environment."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325b4f),"Huh. I guess it's a love it or hate kind of place. Me? I love it. But put butter on a shoe and I might just kiss you. Oh butter, is there anything you can't do? Is there?This is one of the high roller places in Scottsdale. I saw a guy take a wad of Benjis out of his pocket that seriously made me consider rolling him. But my boss might have objected. Damn boss.It's all about service and steak here. And I'm down with that. We had crab legs for an appetizer. Quite nice for a land-locked state. Fresh and tasty. A tomato salad with sharp onion that I enjoyed. And shared a porterhouse the size of my... yes. My ass. If one could give a nice slap to a porterhouse, this would be quite a spankable piece of meat. I love the way you can hear your steak coming to your table in all it's sizzling glory. The first thing to hit your nose is the lovely perfume of the butter. Chanel # Yum. Then that aroma of the meat. I know we had a couple of sides. But I honestly can't remember because the steak was so freaking perfect. To a corn-fed born and bred midwestern girl this is perfection. The service is near perfect too. Our waitress gave us a wine selection for the steak that was spot on. Not too tanic. Not too tame. Held up nicely against the butter and the porterhouse. At the end of the meal I was I nearly unable to move. And that says a whole lot. I've been known to out eat grown men without batting an eye. Oh, and if you don't like butter on your steak? Three words. ""Hold the butter."" May save you some pain."
ObjectID(5165b71d74c3068b56325cb5),"Came here for dinner and was satisfied with my meal.  At 8:30 PM I was the only one in the restaurant so that was pretty odd. I got some lamb vindaloo, garlic naan and a lager. The lamb was good but a little on the tough side and the vindaloo was nice and spicy as I wanted. rice wasn't included in the dish which was somewhat of a letdown considering the vindaloo itself was not on the bargain side of pricing. But overall the waitstaff was good  and the food was satisfying. Would definitely eat here again if in the area and needed a hit of Indian."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324c6c),"What does a guy look for in a wing?  Crispy?  Yes.  Flavorful options?  Indeed.  Healthy size?  Sure.  Kool Aid on the side?  Why not?  Listen, the only reason ATL Wings isn't getting a 5th star today is the fact that we ordered them to go and then waited for 45 minutes.  I think they had a couple people call in sick, or something, but that's just too long to ask anyone to wait with all those smells punching you in the nose-hole.  I tried the Mac n' Cheese bites, they were good.  The Honey Biscuits reminded me of mini-scones from the fair where I grew up in Idaho - MUST ORDER!  I will be back - but you better believe I'll call ahead with my order to avoid the wait."
ObjectID(5165b71d74c3068b56325f88),"Oh boy! Where do I start? First off, it was 110 in the middle of summer, and they didn't even bother to turn on the AC, only had fans on (#1 big no no, especially given the nice area of Scottsdale). I saw the thermostat say 92 inside!!!!! Secondly, their menu selection is pretty limited. Just Pho Bo, Pho Ga and a few of their so-called Banh Mi.I ordered their Pho Bo. Soup was totally bland, the meat was really dry (actually come to think of it, there were barely any beef in it!). Prices were pretty expensive too.I also tried their pork Banh Mi sandwich. Boy what a mistake, the bread crumbled, the sauce too sweet, the pork was dry. There was no pate in it whatsoever, definitely not an ""official Banh Mi"".This place does not do Viet Cuisine justice. It is totally catering to the Non-asian taste.I would recommend going to Da Vang, Khai Hoan for a good hearty bowl of Pho."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325407),"Limited Menu but has all the standards. Nothing unique or extraordinary. They have Lunch specials on weekdays from 11-3pm. I had the Pad Thai and it was very good. The noodles were good consistency and the flavors were right on. I especially like that they top it off with a lot of peanuts. yumm! The lunch portion was perfect and satisfying. It also comes with a choice of a veggie roll (vegetable eggroll) or crab puffs. I got the veggie roll and it was decent.Good value. Tasty. Will go there again."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325420),"I tried Pita Jungle for the first time and I am deeply disappointed that I was not greeted with: ""Welcome to the jungle.""What a missed opportunity! Seriously!I found the food to be pretty OK, not outstanding.  I had the chicken schwarma (aka Mediterranean chicken wrap on the menu) and it was no schwarma from Al Hana at Biaz Market, my friend.The chicken was plentiful, and cubed. The lettuce was fresh and plentiful.  The sauce was some kind of garlicky-tahini-hummus tasting concoction that was fine.  The portion was just fair for the nearly 8 dollar price tag.My server Valerie was a real treat so I would rate the service as 4 star even though that doesn't seem to jive with other reviews."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b5632552c),"When I moved into the neighborhood, one of my friends said I had to try Spinato's.  So I ordered a few pies for everyone who helped me move.  They are not near as cheap as fast food pizza joints, but it's worth the price.  While the crust is a little thicker and lacks the crispness of traditional Chicago thin crust, it is fantastic pizza! (For more traditional Chicago thin crust, try Johnnie's on Cave Creek)  Sauce is nice and sweet, and they have a large variety of fresh toppings.  This place gets busy most nights, and delivery can be an hour or longer during prime pizza hours, so plan ahead.(I haven't had any calzone or pasta dishes, and always gotten delivery or pick-up)"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b563251b3),"Last Saturday we tried Asi Es La Vida at the recommendation of a co-worker. Boy, am I glad we made the drive from Desert Ridge to try this neighborhood gem. I only wish we had places like this near home. Maybe we'll need to move!We started with Chips and Guacamole...out of this world. I had a beef entree (sorry it's been a week) and my partner had pork. Both were excellent.He had flan for dessert which he thoroughly enjoyed. The prices were reasonable and service was top notch. It's a little on the small side...so don't tell anyone about this little gem!"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b563259ca),"I'm really not the type to want to go out for breakfast, I'd rather save my dining money for lunch or dinner because I figure I can usually make just as good of a breakfast at home.  However, there is no way I could match their french toast, it is just outstanding.  We have been twice and I ordered that both times.  The first time, I told the waitress to put the berry sauce on the side because I usually don't like fruit toppings, they are too sweet and fake tasting.   But this sauce is delicious! It is homemade and very natural tasting, I ate every bit of it.  We also loved the jalepeno bacon.  My kids loved the pigs in a blanket.  We had very nice service both times, we will definitely be back!"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b563259f0),"Im giving Ottos one more star for their stellar remodel! The place looks great! Gone are the mis matched chairs and patio tables inside, old bakery cases and grandma-esque art on the walls. In their places a half wall ""Ottos"" sign, a fresh coat of paint, great new matching tables and chairs, some Coke themed signs and other things, and my fave, the new wall art. Black and white pics of the kitchen, its vintage equipment, and the chef himself tossing some dough! Kudos guys!"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325ae4),"This was a nice stop in a good location of Old Town Scottsdale very convenient to the farmers market. We decided to start with the grilled cheese salad to share. The salad had a grilled cheese sandwich cut up in small cubes all over it. Some of the cubes were, soft ,  some were crunchy , and some were burnt . The salad was fresh but not very flavorful despite the very nice pickled onions in it. Overall the salad was OK and big and good as an entree or large enough to share.We also decided to share the house made pastrami sandwich on locally made rye bread because it sounded good . The  style of the pastrami was more smoked and had a harder dryer texture than the warmed spicy melt in your mouth type style that I was sort of was expecting . I'm not saying it was bad but just not what I was expecting . But I do have to say they should warn you that they put YELLOW mustard on this sandwich . Yellow mustard is NOT traditionally ever on a pastrami sandwich and for me the yellow mustard really doesn't cut it . I suggest if you order this sandwich ask for the mustard on the side and see what you think . The rye bread however was much better than most rye bread most places serve . The fries that came with the sandwich were maybe the most perfect fries I remember ever trying , they were FIVE STAR FRIES! Hot and fresh with skins, seasoned lightly but perfect, a light perfect crispness, but soft fluffy not a trace of grease .I found the employees very welcoming and cordial ,  They are very new and are maybe just still working things out . I'll give them another try sometime ."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b5632338f),"Smells like an Asian grocery store in here! Feels good man. Check out the fish tanks in the back--I like to know my seafood was freshly beheaded mere minutes before landing on my plate.So far, I've sampled the dim sum. Pork shu mai all day--it's legit! Perfectly marinated pork AND heavily spiced shrimp...when I return, I'll try my best to try something different. Like chicken feet.This is really what authentic Chinese looks like, and I'm happy to have found it. I'll be back for more treats from the Far East...and the full bar!"
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b56324262),"Let me be honest. I'm kind of a snob. Maybe that's a dramatic statement to make, I don't know ... All I can say is I never had an interest in going to the old Willo House, which to me looked like a run-down old shack. OK, there it is! Judge me if you will! I stopped into Hob Nobs on my way to Tucson with a colleague who needed a pick-me-up. Having already had my coffee that morning, I tagged along with the intention of leaving empty-handed. That did not happen.Everything smelled so delicious, and the environment was warm and cozy ... I ordered a chai tea. While the barista made our drinks, my colleague was chit-chatting with someone else who perhaps was the owner, or at least the manager. ""Waffles?"" she asked me. ""Oatmeal?"" She had a huge grin and was clearly joking with me. The staff member/owner/manager said, ""the oatmeal comes with bananas on top."" ""Bananas?"" I asked. They laughed at me.""Well,"" I said, ""If I can take it to go and actually eat it in the car, I'll have some."" He made my oatmeal with butter and brown sugar, then topped it with sliced bananas and strawberries. I then added a splurge of half and half. It was the best oatmeal I have ever had."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b563258ab),"This isn't really a British place, by any reasonable account. Normally such places have a lot of atmosphere & beer offerings are skewed towards things British, but here it is virtually like any other bar. There's a few golf items here and there, and the menu is golf themed, but it's pretty much just an ordinary bar.Guiness, Bass, Stella Artois, Hoegaarden, Weihenstephan, Newcastle, Smithwicks, a cider and others make the lineup of taps. No Fuller's, no Whitbread, not much at all that you would expect to find in a British themed place.Fried food options basically, and it sets the aroma of the place as well."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323666),"If first impressions could kill... Glenn and Bri D. accompanied a friend and I to Compass Restaurant. After stepping off the fun (and I mean fun!) elevator ride up to the restaurant I instantly felt dizzy - everyone got a laugh when I instinctively asked 'why do I feel weird' - Um, the room is moving. The unease got better when we moved from the core (non-moving) of the building to the seating (the actual rotating floor). The service was SO good. Our waitress was super nice and attentive to a level I'm not really used too, but I could get used to it! We ordered the prime rib and she came back so apologetic that she even let us order it, that she gave us two filet mignon dishes - which were really good. I got the mac n' cheese as my side dish, which had a sweetness to it - a unique taste, but not appealing to me. The dessert was disappointing. Strawberry shortcake seems like an easy-to-please/hard-to-mess-up kind of dish...I guess I was wrong. The shortcake was dry and had no flavor, the tiny shot of whip cream was the best thing about it, but it was only the size of a silver dollar...sad day. I have definitely experienced better food for less. The service was outstanding, but didn't make up for the lackluster in the food and ambiance.By the way, I got even sicker on the way out and that stuck with me all night, making it hard to go to sleep :( No bueno..."
ObjectID(5165b71d74c3068b56325e07),"We went here last night it was so much fun.  The owners are a polish couple who keep the place very immaculate!  The atmosphere is fun .  I counted there are only about 7 tables in the entire restaurant but there is seating outside.  The meal starts out with some pumpernickel bread and butter which was very tasty.  We ordered the beet salad it was fresh and not over bearing when it comes to pickling.  For my dinner I ordered the house special which is sort of like a pot sticker with meat.  But they put a polish spin on it which had a butter sauce and bacon bits followed by sour cream.  She had the cabbage rolls which were very large.  The plate comes with three.  We shared our meals so we could get a taste of everything.  For dessert we had a tipple layer chocolate tart which had a chocolate cherry filling.  It was so gooooooooood!     The menu mostly consist of polish food.  Its a very neat place if you want authentic polish.  This was the first true polish meal I ever had and it was fantastic.  Prices were great for a Friday night.  Two drinks two meals a salad ,  bread and butter , and dessert came out to 30 bucks!  Cant beat that.  Plus the food was homemade.  The place itself is nestled in downtown Glendale its a little hard to find the first time but trust me its well worth it.  It almost feels like eating in someones house.  Very fun very different.  Try something new and go here.  And you also feel good because you just supported a local mom and pop business!"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324e9e),"La Grande Orange---La Confusing. When I walked in I felt totally disoriented trying to figure out where I was supposed to go. It was nice I met someone here who had been before. He showed me the ropes. Ordered the San Danielle Sandwich - simple grilled type of sandwich. Nothing spectacular, but was satisfying for the most part. The outside, which was most likely sprayed with the butter crap was way toooooo salty for my tastes.  The people were pretty nice, a nice play to sit and have a conversation.I guess that's all I have to say about it. Wish I had more passion for the place...."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b563246db),"I remember my first red devil experience vividly. It was almost 5 years ago. I was having one of those typical really crappy IT industry days. The NOC was slammed with calls and of course all from the worst of the worst customer wise. My manager at the time says he has something to make the day better. Takes off for about 45 minutes. I didn't know what to expect... hookers? blow?... no.. its a huge pizza and a giant pile of wings.Holy crap these wings are AMAZING even with the steam effect you get when you take out wings. They are super crispy and sauce is the baseline hot/vinegary/buttery awesomeness by which  I measure other wings. Their ranch is absolutely amazing and they are not stingy with it. Enough left over to dip pizza in afterward for the ultimate in glutton. I always go for the hot but their other flavors are good. If  you want a real treat just ask them not to sauce the wings and get a few sides of dipping sauce. The teriyaki they coat their chicken in for their oriental salad makes a GREAT wing dip.The pizza crust is super crunchy and has an amazing flavor, cheese is nice and greasy, and the toppings are good quality. The sauce is a little flat but I can look past it considering all the other pros.If you are lucky enough to dine in the wings are even better and they will serve you these delicious pizza bread rolls. They tear like string cheese and are always fresh. Sometimes they come right out of the oven mmmmm.I have never once encountered a rude server. Service has always been at least 3.5 stars.. mostly 4.5 or 5. This is just a fun place to go and a great family restaurant.This is a valley icon/staple and has been around long before I was even a thought. Apparently we have some family history. This used to be my uncles college stomping groups and Tee Pee used to be my dads. Guess love of the local grease pits is hereditary."
ObjectID(5165b71d74c3068b56325d66),"So my first experience was on opening night for this location and it was alright.  It was pretty packed, and loud, so I think I didn't talk loud enough when I placed my order and I wound up missing the lettuce and tomato on my burger.  Their bacon comes extra crispy and didn't seem like anything special.  Overall the burger was pretty decent, however I thought it'd be much better the way I ordered it and sans bacon as I'm not a crispy bacon fan.  Also I ordered the regular fries, their smallest size, and it's still a huge amount.  They fill the cup that the fries come in, then upon putting that and the burger in the bag, they dump another scoop of fries on top of the whole thing which could potentially make your burger wrapper very greasy if you were getting it to go.On my second visit, it was much slower and my order came exactly as I ordered it with all the condiments.  This time without bacon and the addition of lettuce and tomato, it was quite an enjoyable burger.  I ordered the regular Five Guys fries this time and while still being too much to eat, they were tasty.All in all for a pretty big burger, fries and a drink, you're looking at 10 bucks.A couple things to note here are the amount of things you can put on the burger.  It's quite a decent selection.  Also there are boxes of peanuts with trays at the end of the checkout line that they offer for free to snack on while you eat.  Finally, they have Mello Yellow on the fountain here which may be enough to sway your descision in and of itself.  The establishment itself is quite clean and well laid out."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b56324020),"I had lunch here with a large group of friends on their patio on a weekday around noon.  I am pretty sure we just beat the rush since it started to fill up quickly.  We were lucky we got a good spot.  Their patio dining is very comfortable with cuushioned wicker couches if you enjoy that type of seating.  They have a very modern look.  The inside of the restaurant is very beautiful also with vaulted ceilings and a feeling of openess to their modern look.The sushi was delicious and fresh tasting.  I recommend trying one of their rolls wrapped in cucumber with raw fish-very refreshing.I will definitely be going back here and I would like to try their other locations in the east valley as well."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323791),"Its just a matter of time before this place is packed. Prices were great and no waiting on a Sunday Morning.  Had the two eggs, pancakes, sausage and bacon for $5.99. Going again next weekend and possibly for take out. John"
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b56324060),"Four Peaks baby.  This spot is awesome.  Great place to meet up with a crowd, grub, and pound some craft brew.  The food is great: dope appetizers , rockin' burgers, decent pizza, and daily specials.  The beer is fantastic, hop knot being my fave.  They have happy hour everday from 3-7 and 10-close with dollar off beers, a light night menu, TV's, and a pool table.  I've gotten mashed here more than a few times.  Sunday brunch is killer, and may I suggest you try the Stout milkshake, a little known secret, but good for the sweet toof.  Don't miss out on the Peaks."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324dc3),love love love it! What a quaint little piece of heaven. Located south phoenix...I wasn't sure what this place would look like as we kept driving south but as we walked onto the property it felt as if you were no longer in the big overcrowded city. We went to the morning glory cafe for breakfast. The food was wonderful and the presentation was great! I highly recommend it. It would make a wonderful place for a baby or wedding shower!!
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b56324205),"This rating is based on first experience on a Saturday around 8:30 pm. We did not have a reservation. There were four of us in our party. They use the OpenTable system. If you're planning on a weekend night, I suggest you use it. This was a very busy night.We're not taking into account the 50 minute wait for a table. That was completely our bad for not making reservations (it was a last minute thing) and our desire to sit outside (even longer wait) as it was very loud and crowded (this seems to be another regular occurrence with Fox restaurants: they don't architect enough sound dampening to handle their capacity and they encourage standing room only at the bar with very loud/upbeat music (there was a DJ). I believe this is within their control, but they merely wish it this way.Fox Restaurant concepts has a knack for creating restaurants with a 'hip' atmosphere and a certain kind of clientele in mind. This was my first time here but my fifth Fox Restaurant visit. I'm starting to notice the ingredients/entrees are 'shared' across Fox menus. This can be a good thing as mainly these items are fresh and of high quality.We ordered 3 rounds of drinks, appetizers, entrees, and desserts. We kept a lively mood as we were good friends who hadn't seen each other in a while. Three of us had previous restaurant experience.Sam Fox stresses ""outstanding hospitality every time"". There are little things good and bad not worth noting. They're just what you'd expect on a busy Friday night at a popular place. That being said it would have been 'outstanding' if that kind of thing you expect everywhere else didn't apply here.Overall the food was very good (the sweet potato canneloni was noteworthy as well as mushroom soup du jour). However the service and pacing are what killed the experience for all of us.  When disappointment was expressed in an item he was not apologetic, in fact he was downright combative: ""Oh, I know I said there would be 10 meatballs, but these were the last ones for the night. (there were six small ones). There was no offer to replace them with something else.  ""It's a Sicilian tirimasu I TOLD you it would have citrus flavors (there were overriding orange flavors). Again, no offer to replace the item. Then of course the strange insistence he had on setting items directly in front of someone who was speaking, obscuring their view of others (a simple wait of 30 seconds would not have been disruptive), but the lack of urgency to clear the table end of meal when he was nowhere to be found and empty dessert plate sat until even after the bill was taken.How can I write this in such detail? Because while we all tried to converse, catch up and ignore his faux pas it became harder and harder to do so until we burst out in nervous laughter. We ended up poking fun at his strange actions to keep things light. As I mentioned we'd all worked as servers so we just shrugged it off, gave him his 20% and chalked it up to a poor luck of the draw. We didn't complain to the manager or give him a hard time because he's just trying to make a living (and we didn't want the night to end on THAT note), we just all shook our heads and pondered if he knew why he probably wasn't do so well as a waiter.I know Fox concepts wants a guest to have a great time, come back and recommend their places, but it also takes friendly service. Hospitality as Sam Fox defines it.  Even if there were a bunch of mistakes, friendliness, humility and a desire to please would have gone a long way with this group. He would do well to have more training, better quality control (why would an item go out less than promised/) and to retain employees of greater dedication and character.We'll probably come back, but if we see this guy again, we'll definitely request someone else."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323930),"I love Indian food! And I've had a lot of Indian food regularly though out my life in many countries. Delhi Palace Cuisine serves very good North Indian food it's as simple as that. It is reasonably priced too.I went there for dinner with a few friends of mine after one of them boasted ""I'll take you to the best Indian restaurant in Phoenix!"" He's probably right.We shared the food so had the beef biryani which was very good, the chicken tikka masala which was great, its a creamy dish as it's supposed to be but they didn't over do it as some places do. so don't feel guilty about ordering it. The Tandoori chicken was excellent and I'm picky about tandoori chicken. They have  a decent vegetarian section but I only tried the Palak Paneer & it was some of the best I've had; even though it's not usually my type of dish.I didn't like the Ice tea though, it tasted like it had some special spice or something but serves me right for ordering Ice tea at an Indian restaurant. The garlic nan was good too.The atmosphere is typical for lots of indian restaurants. It doesn't feel like a cafeteria or anything like that but it's not going to impress anyone or wow your date. But it's comfortable, relaxed, unpretentious and true/authentic to the type of restaurant. There were a few indian couples around; always a good sign.The service was excellent; they didn't interrupt the conversation as I've found happens too often in US restaurants these days, But they were always there; prompt ready to serve & respond. I didn't feel rushed either.In a nutshell, if you want to experience tasty authentic north Indian food and enjoy your meal & company check this place out. I'm definitely coming back."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b563258cb),"Los Compadres is an A-ok place to stop and have some A-ok Mexican food. You order via a friendly counter service and they give you a number. I ordered the chicken enchiladas with rice and beans. They were good! Nothing fancy or spectacular, just straightforward. I wished for a little more flavor in the chicken, but it wasn't horrible. I also ate Ayesha's leftovers the next day... solid. If you're looking for a spot that's a bit ""hole in the wall"" simple Mexican, then Los Compadres is the spot for you! I would gladly return and try their other entrees!"
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b5632467d),"This is more a 2.5 stars restaurant ...May be after reading all these reviews have hyped up my expectation of this restaurant. Ordered the signature Mama's pizza, meat ball and spaghetti and the cheese ravioli and was disappointed in all of them.  The crust of the pizza yes is thin but soggy when ordered extra crispy :-| .... and the sause is definitely not from fresh tomatoes ... and over salted Meatball and spaghetti and the ravioli is slight better than what I can get from the frozen aisle in the supermarket .... ain't meeting the hype for sure.  Interior is very Chicago-ish, Service was good but it took them sometime to open the tomato can ..."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b5632360e),"I had been waiting to go to Steakenburger since I found out they opened, and last week I finally had the opportunity to pick up lunch and meet the wife at work.  As such, I chose the convenience route and went through the drive-thru.  Two cars waiting for their orders, no wait for the speaker.  The gal taking the order was quite friendly and I put in my order for a regular philly with whiz.  NO fries, as I have learned in my life that generally speaking, when you have a killer cheesesteak, why waste precious stomach room on fries???  Seemed like it took a little while for the cars in front of me to get their orders, so I figured mine would be up quickly, seeing as I had spent all that time in the queue already.  Imagine my surprise when the guy at the register wanted to verify what my order was...not a great sign.  All in all, from ordering to receiving the food, it was close to 10 minutes, which is okay, but could be a little bit faster.Got to the destination and sat down to enjoy the sandwich...it was nicely wrapped up not only in paper, but foil as well, which was a good touch as it helped keep the sammich warm.  The bread was good as well and the cheez whiz was nice and cheezy.  The steak was good for the most part, however, right in the middle there was a big piece of fat/gristle that I was not a fan of.  Overall, I'd say I was...whelmed.  I mean, I really wanted to love their phillys.  I thought it was good, not great.  Good thing was that for the most part, it got better as I ate it, which I like.  (They are definitely a far cry from the best philly cheese steak I've had in my life, which was from Steak Stuffers USA in Tulsa OK...yes, you read that right) I certainly will give them another try though.  3.5 stars rounded down to 3.  Knocked down due the wait, the gristle and  lack of wow.  (Side note:  I don't like the combo restaurant thing...can't you be one or the other, maybe this is what led to the long wait?)."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b5632576d),"Great little spot in Glendale!If you hadn't noticed, the West side (make that all sides...) is a strip mall wonderland.  When I got to Kiss the Cook, I was pleasantly pleased to see that it was a free standing building (guess I'm easily impressed) with plenty of parking and even a cute patio!The menu was full of typical breakfast favorites including omelets, pancakes, and hearty breakfast indulgences.  5-star service!  Our coffee was never low and our water glasses were always replenished.  The decor inside was similar to my Michigan grandma's basement which made everything seem extremely relaxed.  As other Yelpers noted, the muffin basket is a highlight.  Once you order you are greeted with a little warm basket with several different types of miniature muffins of love.  mmmI love that when you get your bill (cheap too by the way!), you are greeted with a real Hershey's kiss!  These are the touches that are always forgotten with chain restaurantsI know I will return-totally worth a try if you are on this side of town"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325023),"This is a nice asian take-out style restaurant (you can order and sit down too). The portions are pretty big, and they have a good selection. WAAAAAAY better than Pei Wei which is in the same shopping center. The only downside is their breading is a little heavy, but other than that I have enjoyed everything I have tried there."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323588),"I don't know exactly what to say about this place. I hated it - I know that for sure. I just can't put words together as to why. I wasn't impressed with the guac - so what if some emo guy with horn rimmed glasses stabs at some avocados and other diced veggies with a spoon for 30 seconds? Is that supposed to make me piss myself with excitement? Anyway, it tasted pretty bland... and for $10.50, I think it should taste better. The chips that came with it were a little greasy, but okay. Our entrees were about 15 bucks each and I almost laughed when they arrived... four tiny pathetic lukewarm soft tacos alone on a cold plate. It looked like something I could've bought on a street corner in Rocky Point for 2 bucks. We had the option of getting salads or fries with our tacos... FRIES. How is that Mexican? We had the salads which were okay... They only had corn tortillas which I personally don't like. I had carne asada and my girlfriend had shrimp... the beef was pretty good - and the shrimp was okay. The cheese they put on our tacos was kinda gross. Neither of us were really impressed. On top of that, the place was pretty loud... I guess it's understandable for a small crowded space. Maybe they could've used some acoustic panels or something. My table almost tipped over on me - I just never felt comfortable there at all. I actually felt so uncomfortable I forgot what stuff was - like I had to ask him to clarify what carne asada was (something I order and eat all the time). I just got all confused after looking through their menu. The server was fake nice to us, but I felt hated... we only saw him at the beginning and end of our meal... we kinda got ignored on the drink refills - I think it's cuz we weren't ordering booze (which they make a fortune on).As food goes, this place is edible, but not good. It's nowhere near worth these prices. It's comparable to the Pink Taco, but slightly less douchey perhaps? Neither place is very authentic (or good). I asked what on the menu was spicy and he said 'nothing."" They also only have one dish with rice - ONLY ONE - and it's just a special because they normally don't have any dishes with rice. What the hell is that? I sometimes wonder why people like places like this... it's as though they just like it because the place is crowded and the food is expensive. It's just bland food. Overrated. Overpriced. This place can suck it - I won't be back."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324be8),"If you are on a diet, don't come here. It's too tempting! My friend and I had our last meal in Phoenix here, and we shared a chocolate and butter fry bread. It was fantastic! So gooey, but the chocolate was delicious!There are a ton of other options, ranging from savory to sweet. I went during lunch, so a lot of people were getting fry bread with beans and meats.  Prices are very reasonable, but be prepared to wait if the line is out the door. Seating is very limited, so if you have a big party you'll have to keep that in mind.  Based on the one meal I had, it was great. I would have liked to try the other ones, but I was too full (and feeling way too guilty!)BTW- They are closed Sundays."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b563259a8),"Ate there YesterdayFood  was  average Sushi was Ok.    Waited a long time for crab leg.  Over an hour They were tiny for a 16 dollars buffetGood variety but  all tasted mediocre Lots of dirty plates.  Told the girl at the fruit bar, and she came out with a towel to clean it  right at the buffet table.  Donno why she did not take it back to the washing machine .   I took a pic tooGreat wall taste better and shan hai too"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325c34),"With a few hours past and a few tasks accomplished the next stop of my day would be at Pane Bianco - the sandwich shop from the Valley's most celebrated Chef, Chris Bianco.  Having made my pilgrimage to the eponymous pizzeria during my first trip to Phoenix, Pane had been on my radar since the day I moved to town but given the lunch-only hours and my office location in North Scottsdale I knew a weekend would be best and as luck would have it a new website (http://www.pizzeriabianco.com/) and seven day 11a-3p schedule had been rolled out just the week prior.Arriving at the surprisingly large space (especially when compared to Matt's and JoBot from earlier that day - and compared to Pizzeria Bianco as well) shortly after 11:30 and allocating parking in the free lot juxtaposing the Light Rail I debated for a moment whether dine-in or to-go was best and opting for the former made my way into the restaurant where two couples already sat.  Greeted by one of two servers it was suggested I could take ""any seat I wanted"" and opting for a bench in the center of the room where a menu awaited I sat down to browse the menu as well as the daily specials listed on the chalkboard - almost all sounding appealing, but a bit different than the Saturday special listed on the website.  With a small list of beverages available I was asked soon if I was ready to order or if I needed a few minutes I deferred and requested a glass of water that would never reach even half-empty despite me drinking from it consistently and the restaurant soon filling to capacity.Having debated the specials but eventually undeterred from the reason I'd come in the first place I soon placed my order for a sandwich and an 'appetizer' which I was told would be 'just a few minutes' and as while I waited I checked out the small market at the Take Away section featuring the famous focaccia, cans of tomatoes, dried pasta, and apparel before returning to my seat where my items would arrive shortly - the first a Manchego and Tomato Sauce Focaccia del Giorno featuring Bianco's delectable wood fired focaccia in all of its spongy glory topped with sweet, ripe tomatoes and an ample layer of briny Manchego; at $4.50 probably the most expensive ""Grandma Slice"" I've ever had yet at the same time also probably the best...or at least on par with that at DiFara in Brooklyn for best of its genre.Moving next to the original target of my desire, a sandwich of Bianco's House Made Mozzarella, Tomatoes, and Basil on Wood Fired Focaccia my first thought was ""wow - that is a lot of cheese"" while my second, after a bite, was ""wow - that is a lot of flavor.""  Perhaps as pure of a sandwich as you can find and the result of exquisite ingredients on top quality bread there is really nothing 'special' about the composition of this sandwich aside from the fact that it simply works - a largely unmanipulated masterpiece only improved by a touch of sea salt and cracked black pepper.Largely unaware on entering that Pane serves dessert it was with much delight that I realized soon after sitting down that three options were available that day and while the flourless chocolate cake I saw emerge from the kitchen to the table next to me looked quite nice there was simply no way I was passing up the Organic Vanilla Bean Rice Pudding with Candied Pecans - another simplistic stunner with creamy Arborio rice imbued with a rich vanilla custard flicked with whole vanilla beans and a few pecans for crunch.  Delicate and smooth, flavorful without being overly sweet, and *almost* thick enough to stand a spoon up straight it was not quite the best rice pudding I've ever had - but a top five contender without a shadow of a doubt - a reason in and of itself to return to Pane Bianco...though to be fair, if I returned it would take pretty spectacular daily specials to prevent me from ordering the exact same trio of items once again.  With Chris and his team now two for two it is only a matter of time before I make my way to Italian Restaurant... and honestly, that time is likely measured in hours and days as opposed to weeks and months."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b563242cf),"Next to Lee Lee market which makes it a convenient place to run into before going grocery shopping.  You can watch the chefs make the incredible noodles.  This is the first place in Phoenix with actual hand pulled noodles which is an art.  I can't imagine the patience and skill it takes to transfor simple ingredients like flour, water and salt into these beutiful noodes.  From flat and broad, to thin and delicate, they have all styles.The different styles of noodles will complement different types of sauces and toppings.  The waiters are pretty good at recommending the right kind of noodle for the type of toppings.  Tea costs extra (which is a little annoying), but other than that I can't really complain.  You know it's good when about 90% of the restaurant is made up of hungry Asian folks :)"
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323920),"Great pizza, weird menu set up. I would have though that a pizzeria would have their own little creative pizzas, but they dont. They give you a 8 1/2 by 22 inch menu that has plain pizza sizes and prices then toppings below that are $2 each , salads , sodas, desserts. We ordered a small pepporoni with ricotta cheese, DEEELICIOUS!!!Our waitress, very blah. I'm in the bar industry and i dont know if she was having a bad day or just hated her job but she def. wasn't attentative as she should have been. I had a cranberry juice and a water and both were empty most the time, she never refilled my drinks, I had to ask the busser to do it and it happily did it. Also, I noticed she delieved pizzas to her other tables and put a piece of pizza on each persons plates at the tables but ours....no big deal but again, strange. She also never made eye contact when talking to us, which I found odd.. I'll probably go to the straight to the bar next time, or get pizza to go.A Plus, Tuesdays are 1/2 off wines! I went on a Tuesday but unfortunantly for me I was taking the day off from drinking lol."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324d16),"Despite it's name (which makes me think of a dirty bar south of the border), Spotted Donkey has fancy mexican food in a upscale, nice setting. The interior is split into a few different areas, all of which are pretty and cool. The patio is awesome - trees draped in lights, lanterns on every table, & a sweet fireplace. I really like this place! We had:- Nachos: Really yummy & loaded nacho's. The chips are whole fried tortillas and they are covered in a ton of delicious stuff. The black beans are delicious, the salsa/hot sauce is delicious, and the different kinds of cheese make the whole plate cheesy with different flavors. We got the short stack, which was perfect as an app size. These definitely are awesome with margaritas, and the full size is perfect for hanging at the bar.- Cheese Enchiladas: Good flavors, but the tortillas were so hard and unpleasantly hard to chew. The pinto beans are yummy, the green enchilada sauce is flavorful, but the carrot slaw was way too sweet and didn't blend well with the rest of the flavors.- Chop Salad: I love the fact that they toss & serve a salad tableside. The ingredients are all fresh and it's a hearty sized salad (perfect as a full sized meal with some nachos).- Sonoran Sunset: Beautiful colors, fun name, & a good balance in flavors.- Mango Margarita: So awesome. Really fresh, sweet mango flavor without being overly sweet and it has a wonderful smooth texture. Love this drink!- Mango Strawberry Margarita: A little too sweet...the mango is better.- Cactus Heart: Fun name, pretty purple color, and delicious."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324e39),"It isn't very common to find a Japanese restaurant that is actually Japanese owned and doesn't have a sushi menu.  The location for this little shack is terrible, but it truly is a diamond in the rough when it comes to Japanese comfort food. I almost thought that it was closed when I first pulled up and walked in.  But the owner came out, greeted me, and had me pick a seat.  The decor was lack luster and very typical of older Asians.  Ahh, you non-Asians will just never understand.  When I looked at the menu, I was overwhelmed by the yakisoba, udon, ramen, and sukiyaki dishes I could choose from.  I was like a kid in the the candy store.  I ordered the beef sukiyaki and when it arrived, I couldn't have been happier.  The vegetables were fresh tasting and cooked to perfection.  Every other restaurant I've been to undercooks or overcooks something. The broth wasn't too salty, and the beef didn't taste cheap.  I know that's a weird way to describe it, but it wasn't Chinese restaurant beef.  I also loved that you got miso soup and a salad with the entree. The price was reasonable and the portions were massive.   I left completely satisifed and impregnated with a lovely Japanese food baby.  I haven't had a chance to go back, but I definitely will."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b563256a6),"Me and my friend Jill were trying to figure out what we were going to eat at our annual fall picnic and we decided to grab some sandwiches over at Cheba Hut. All I can say is wow, very interesting place. As a few other reviewers have stated, the owner of this place definitely has a niche in the market on how he explains his sandwiches. Very creative. I ordered the 8 inch Chronic which was thinly sliced roast beef, BBQ sauce, green bell peppers, mushrooms & cheddar cheese. The place reminded me of Quiznos as the sub is toasted and you can add or subtract whatever you want on your sub once it is done with the toasting process. I added a touch of ranch, some pickles and some lettuce. Not too shabby. I also got a huge chocolate chip cookie that I have yet to eat as the sandwich was very filling. Although the place was full, we did receive our orders pretty quickly and was out the door headed to our picnic in no time. So if I am ever in the Tempe area and craving a sandwich, I just may have to stop by and grab me an ""illegal"" sub over at Cheba Hut. The staff are very friendly and it is a pretty cool place."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323cee),"I'm so in love with this place :) I tried the pepperoni pizza and I was AMAZED. i love that they have a fresh herb/vegetable garden in the front.  It's all about the FRESH ingredients these days.  I can't wait to go back and try different dishes. I'd like to try the cheese platters :) mouth watering as we speak.  going again to day so I'll keep adding to this review. STAY TUNED! BTW, the decor reminds me of the VIG but definitely more spacious dining area."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b563251fa),"One of the most bizarre dining experiences of my life. This place is awkwardly attached to a combination beauty salon and weird shop selling random clothes, jewelry, greeting cards and the like. There was literally no ambiance as the tables inside (as opposed to their patio) are literally in the middle of the store while you are being assaulted by the smell of hairspray and other chemicals from the salon. In addition to the setting, the service was terrible and they were out of about a quarter of the items on their menu and wine list. The cherry on top was that they serve tiny portioned raw sashimi, yet it takes about 30 minutes for each dish to come out. So you eat four little bites of fish and then wait for 30-45 minutes for your next four little bites of fish. It was almost comical by the end of our meal, which took two hours - and not in a good way where you are enjoying yourself so much you don't realize you've spent two hours at the table. All in all it was a bizarre and brutal dining experience. I would never go back."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323a8a),"I went here for a wine tasting with the Arizona Winebats and had a great time. The  people were really nice, the wine was good and the appetizers we had for our event were very good and plentiful. I will definitely go back for dinner or more yummy appetizers."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b56323fbb),"I used to frequent Z-Tejas more frequently for meals, but hadn't been here in a while to eat. Mostly just for happy hour. Perhaps they changed the menu or maybe I just couldn't remember, but it seemed more of a ""chain"" menu. Nothing was jumping out at me so much. I did like how they included a 550cal or less section, and from there I went with the trout and steamed veggies. It was tasty, but I think I could make just as good at home. My husband got the....well shoot neither of us could remember. I guess that says something. The table-side guacamole and chips was pretty good, and my friends' ordered the same trout as myself, and the fish tacos. We had a round of cocktails as well. Their drink menu is impressive and I do appreciate their ""skinny"" cocktail options. I've gotten a few of those before. Our server was new, we could tell, but he still did a good job. All in all it was ok, but not a meal that I'd want to return to."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b563244b2),"Out on another ride. The sun is set, hands are numb and the stomachs growling like a lion defending its territoryAmazing old fashioned cowboy burger joint. Come to square dance, roast marshmallows, and chomp down on some badass burgers. Don't forget to bring a dollar bill or a business card to staple to the ceiling. I think its got like over 10,000 thousand dollars stapled to the ceiling. thats def a cool thing to see. I wish all my friends did that at my place every time they stopped by!The burgers are good but better after a long motorcycle ride for sure. Try it out and see what Arizona used to be like! I sure hope this place stays the same."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325b6d),"A great new Spanish restaurant in the brand new Intercontinental Hotel in Paradise Valley. Love the ambiance of this place, I feel like I am in some far removed castle somewhere outside Barcelona. The lighting and setting is beautiful. And the food is as good as Spanish cuisine gets. The octopus salad that we ordered was very small portion wise, like the size of a crab cake. But it was a very tasty little bite. Full of the olive flavors that it was made with. There were so many tantalizing items on the menu. It was a tough choice between all the paella's and stews. I ended up having the basque cod stew and was delighted with my choice. Usually when I see cod , I am reminded of fish sticks I ate when I was young. But this was not any fish stick cod! It was melty and buttery and went perfect with the veggies in the stew. I could eat this every night.Not only will I be back to eat this wonderful basque cod stew again, I will be back just to chill in their bar and take in the beautiful atmosphere on a lovely AZ winter night."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b563249c3),"I've been here twice...the first time was driven by a rumor that they made their own root beer.  I'm a sucker for homemade root beer, so I had high hopes that this place would become a favorite.  My husband and I were so excited when these huge glasses of RB hit the table!!  And then confusion...both of us looked at each other and said ""WTF???""  Worst RB EVER!What the heck was in this drink that made it taste like ass?  We looked all over the menu and found nothing.  Then we saw the ""fine print"" on a small table sign...STEVIA.  It's made with Stevia NOT sugar...I'm sorry, but I have to say that this is the lame-est root beer on the planet.  If I'm going to treat myself to a big glass of homemade root beer, I want it to be delectable...sugar and all...no freaking high fructose corn syrup and no bloody artificial sugars (and yes, I know stevia is ""natural"" but who gives a crap...it tastes terrible anyway).After the root beer debacle, it didn't get better.  The food was meh...service was not so great (there were moments of ""is she ever coming back???"").  I'd say, go here for the beer, sans root, but that's about it.  Otherwise, skip this place and drive out to Four Peaks...you'll be happier all around."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323eac),"Only had a chance to experience the Oscuro (amber lager) and the pizza (the Arizona vs. Boston) so far but it's enough to make me want to come back and try more.Lots of flat screens. Should be a great place to spend a Sunday afternoon watching footbal in the fall."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b5632443b),"My friend refers to this place as ""Hitler's Bunker"" but I choose to see the romantic side of Kazimierz.  I love the dark, cool interior with the large comfy sofas and chairs.  It can be daunting to find a bottle of wine since the list is incredibly vast.  I usually settle for a wine flight like the French Kiss or I open up the book to a random page and swirl my finger around until I land on a bottle in my price range.  The flat bread pizzas and fruit and cheese trays have been nothing but impressive.  Some of the waitstaff can be a bit surly but most of the interactions have been quite positive.All in all I think this is a superb place to take a date after a nice dinner so you can unwind."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b563256d8),"For a boba drink fan like me, it is still rare to find a tea place that has authentic tea (and not just milk powder), hot or cold tea choices, and boba and tea that taste great individually or separately.I ordered an iced chocolate chai (yum! such a difference from plain old Oregon Chai used at most coffee houses) with boba.  The only negative is that the drink was $4.91, but it was well worth it!  Mmmmmmm love this place!"
ObjectID(5165b71d74c3068b56325dab),"My husband and I were pretty underwhelmed with our experience at Lola on Saturday night (note: do not go on the night of the APS light parade...it makes getting to Lola near impossible). We really really wanted to like it, but the whole experience just came up flat for us.The intimacy and decor of Lola is great; it's not big enough where it will get very loud and the whole long tables to allow for community dining is nice. The color palatte was soothing and did not distract from the main focus which is the food. We were with a group of nine that evening, and from our perspective (not sure how our fellow diners felt), I thought service was spotty. Sometimes we would have to ask three times for something and it wasn't very crowded most of the time we were there. It was just like the waitress forgot. Apparently before we arrived, our group had ordered the olives which never materalized at the table; luckily we were not charged for them. Also, I really don't appreciate when waiters and waitresses cop a small attitude when you order a soda and not an alcoholic beverage. I know it's crazy, but even I don't want beer or wine with every meal!I thought the food was the most disappointing part of the whole evening. The menu is pretty small, which surprises me for a tapas restaurant. Isn't the whole idea variety? Also, some of the dishes were good to share among four people, and others we had to really ration out the portions so that everyone who wanted a bite could have one. We also had to order four plates of the special since it was so popular with our table and to ensure everyone got at least one whole piece. I liked the tortilla espanola, but the one at Sol y Sombra is much better (and larger!). The special was also very good, but seriously how can  you go wrong with toasted baguette, goat cheese and onions? My husband tried the gambas (he likes the shrimp dish at Caffe Boa better), the steak and the pork and he said they were nothing special and were very unmemorable. My last complaint about the food is that there was no chicken dish at all on the menu!!! I'll admit I can be kinda of a picky eater, but even my husband commented on the lack of a chicken option for non-red meat or seafood eaters.My husband and I decided that we enjoy Sol y Sombra much more and do not see ourselves making a special trip back to Lola in the near future."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b5632353e),"Well here i go again with a Mexican Restaurant review. Now as you all know with my review of Rito's Mexican restaurant i am not a Mexican food lover...but i must tell you LaParrilla Suiza has great AUTHENTIC Mexican food. The wife and I found this establishment by accident last weekend while we were out shopping. A co-worker had mentioned this place to me a week earlier but i didn't realize this establishment was within walking distance of our apartment. My co-worker lives in the west valley so she goes to the location in Mesa and she told me if i wanted Authentic Mexican food at a great price then visit LaParrilla Suiza.So imagine my surprise when we found this gem in all places, a strip mall, right across from the Paradise Valley mall here in the east valley. So i walked in and got a take out menu...and the establishment was very nice and well maintained. I ordered the Chile Relleno because my friend Manuela told me all about it and she thought i would like it...and she was right. The wife and I shared it because there were two of them along with refried beans, rice, and coleslaw. Now the Coleslaw is not really what you would envision as traditional coleslaw...because it is not wet at all...but it is not bad either. Now Manuela also recommended  the Queso Suizo which is a pure cheese dish, the tortilla soup, which i am definitely trying on my next visit, the Pechuga Suiza con Alambre de Res, and the Pechuga Suiza which is chicken breast. I plan on trying all of these in the near future and i will keep you all posted on what i think of each dish. However my friends feel free after reading this review to try the food for yourself because if you like Authentic Mexican food in the valley of the sun then go no further than LaParrilla Suiza. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!"
ObjectID(5165b71d74c3068b56325e8f),"Just had to try this place when I heard it was Asian-Mexican fusion and was featured on Triple-D with Guy Fieri. I will admit that I studied up beforehand, since some very resourceful Yelpers mentioned the complexity of the ordering system. It was worth walking through their ""How to Order"" demo on their website to know what to do.The staff was extremely helpful when I approached the counter and volunteered that I was a Chino-Bandido virgin. They even provided tasting samples and suggestions that helped me understand what the different flavor profiles were. I settled on the combo (2 meat entrees, choice of beans, choice of rice) and chose Pollo Diablo (meat alone), Jen Red Pork (in a quesadilla), jerk fried rice and black beans. All were delicious and the servings generous. I dared not finish my quesadilla for fear the Oompah Loompahs would have to roll my fat ass out the door afterward.I think there's a bit of a learning curve to eating here, but I enjoyed the unique dining experience. One of the staff even spotted my Chico State shirt and we instantly started chatting, since he was also from my neck of the woods (northern northern California, I like to call it). I learned that next time I'm going with the meat entrees as meat alone (as opposed to in a burrito or quesadilla), since there is more than enough of the sides to fill you up and the extra packaging only serves to mask the unique flavors of their savory meat choices.I'll make a trip back, but I'm gonna save up some room first. The last meal resulted in a serious mid-afternoon lunch coma nap."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b563244a9),"The sheer number of Yelp reviews had me intrigued, but my experience was that this place may be a bit over-rated. Not a dinner place in my humble opinion.  Lots of interesting bar food, and a well stocked bar, but way too dark inside.We must have been there too early 6:30 for the music others have mentioned.I think two stars sums it up fairly."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323b3c),"Huge, delicious portions at an incredible value. I'm hooked.I really enjoy the egg rolls. The pho is delicious, and you can trick it out with the crazy assortment of sauces and condiments available at every table.The lemongrass tofu is very good. My favorite menu item so far is the utterly divine wonton soup, with a wonderfully rich broth, tasty wontons and a great variety of vegetables all striking the perfect balance of tender and crisp.The interior is clean, including the bathrooms. The service is good - our waitress remembered our drink and heat-level preferences after our first visit! And has brought us a free dessert every visit! I can't help but feel taken care of, both in her concern for my enjoyment and in the freshness and high quality of the food served to me."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b563243b0),"Great place to get some delicious candy as gifts (or for yourself).  Cerreta is a real 'candy factory' and you can take a tour and watch how it's made.  It would be a great place to take kids.  Ooh, their chocolates are so goood!"
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b563246be),A favorite of mine. Probably the one restaurant that I've been to the most in the 10 years I've been here in Phoenix. Love the Mexican Short Stack.
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b563245d4),"Good food in a unique setting with fantastic service.  Nobou at Teeter House offers up a very pleasurable dining experience.I'll start with the great.  The restaurant is in a more than 100-year-old house in the heart of downtown Phoenix.  There is nearly a perfect feeling that I have been invited inside someone's home for a fancy dinner party.  The staff was fantastic.  Our server, Alexis, was very attentive, friendly, fast, and really knew the menu (or at least was good at selling every dish with a very thorough description about the technique and flavors used to create it).  The presentation of the food is creative and beautiful. The not-so-great.  The food is served in small portions at a high price.  I wouldn't have a big problem with that, I actually think Americans should be more into tapas eating, except nothing we ordered blew my mind or taste buds away.  Don't get me wrong; everything we ordered was excellent.  The food is perfectly cooked, seasoned, sauced, and artistically plated.  It just didn't have that over-the-top ""WOW"" factor I was hoping for.Having said that.  Nobuo at Teeter House is still a place that everyone should try out at least once.  It's an enjoyable place to eat.  It's probably a fun place to go with a small group of friends just to hang out, order a lot of plates and just sample what the restaurant has to offer.As I said, the price can be a little high.  It took five plates and a dessert to create a fair size meal for just two people.  That came to nearly a $100 tab (with drinks).  But Nobuo at Teeter House is on Local Dines (http://www.localdines.com/?ref=19485) with a $50 or $25 gift certificate.  Take advantage of the deal and cross Nobuo off your Phoenix restaurant bucket list."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325a6f),"Alright, Now this is a place I can really pile the toppings on my burger.  I like how you can pick and choose what you want. Instead of getting your ordinary hamburger with lettuce, tomato, pickles, mustard, etc... Personally, I think the 1/2 lb'er is not enough to satiate the stomach. Next time I will order the next one up. The list of shake combinations are a little overwhelming yet I'm considering ordering a different one every time I visit the place. I had my favorite Oreo Shake which was Yummy!"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324b32),"I mean who doesn't love walking into Fred's and eating lunch in the middle of Barneys...I've been twice and honestly had a great experience! amazing service and delicious food. Once for brunch - I had the prix fix brunch that includes a salad, brunch entree, drink, dessert AND coffee... for 24 bucks! not a bad deal....second time I came was a little different - I strolled in with a friend and we had a boozy weekday lunch - he had the burger and I had the chicken salad...he ordered a manhattan which he exclaimed was the best one he's ever had and I had a delicious pinot grigio (micah I MISSSSS you!!) but the wait staff was the best! we made friends with them and chatted them up for almost two hours... they kept coming over and gave us cute places to go too... they were really sweet!!! Too bad its INSANELY overpriced like the Proenza Schoulers!!"
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b563239c0),"Not so much for the atmosphere, but definitely for the service and food.Our waiter was awesome -- he walked us through the menu, suggesting his favorite meats, and letting us know which dishes were award-winning (hint: the quesadillas!!).I went with the mushroom quesadillas, my dining buddies went with a pork quesadilla and what I believe was the green mole pork.  Everything was fresh, delicious, and piping hot!  Amazing horchata, and ""orange water.""  And when my dad ran out to get cash -- this joint it CASH ONLY -- they waited to bring out his entree."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b5632555c),"Not bad since I was tad bit worried when I saw the patty.  A little thin I thought to myself.  However, my first bite into it was delightful!  I ordered the Arizona - Habanero Cheese, Guacamole, Chipotle Mayo, on a Chipotle bun.  Though it was a tad bit spicy I scarfed my burger down in less than 5 minutes.  Maybe I should have ordered the larger size.  I love my burgers with Jalapenos and an extra kick and the Arizona delivered.  I was disappointed by the fries though; very plain and my sweet potato fries were soggy -- Blah!The ambience has that modern diner feel and look.  Stainless steel and high vaulted ceilings make this place cold and loud.  I didn't mind, but I sat outside regardless.  On a perfect night I recommend that - good food and good weather -- sign! - Enjoy!"
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323bcf),"Sierra Bonita is almost false advertisement.  Apparently this was named after a ranch and I was under the impression it was a form of Mexican food.  This was further confused by the large amount of Mexican food options on the menu.  Warning: this is not a Mexican restaurant.  Don't let the name or menu fool you.  This is a cowboy ranch style food that has a lot of Mexican dishes or at least attempts of it.Let's start with the decor.  There are a bunch of cowboys on the wall and most of them look like George Dubbya.  Not what I'm looking for when I go to a spot named Sierra Bonita.  It would be much more accurate and non misleading if you named it Pretty Mountain Range Ranch Restaurant.  Guess it doesn't have the same ring to it.  The reason I bring this up is because the same theme is reflected in the cuisine.  Non-authentic doesn't even say enough.I swear the guacamole tasted like the guacamole live you buy in a bag from Costco.  I would put money on it.  The salsas were very basic and boring.  No spice or heat whatsoever.  After the weak guac and salsas I instinctively stayed away from other Mexican imitations and ordered Sergio's pork tenderloin.  Chocolate and espresso rubbed pork tenderloin with a butter vanilla sauce with some roasted vegetables and potatoes.   The pork tenderloin was very tasty.  The sweetness of the sauce and the coffee/chocolate rub worked very well together and was fun on the taste buds.  The vegetables unfortunately were not roasted nor were the potatoes.  The chef chopped up some huge chunks of bell pepper and some other vegetables, barely cooked them for a couple minutes with some oil then threw them on a plate.  Even if they were roasted they didn't compliment the tenderloin.  A small amount of roasted vegetables and some mashed potatoes would have been a better pair for the dish.My wife ordered the enchiladas.  They were just okay for me.  They were covered in a tomatillo sauce that had too much lime.  While the flavor was good again there was zero heat or spice and very non authentic.  The rice and beans that came with her enchiladas were the highlight of the meal.  The rice and beans backed up the cowboy ranch theme on the walls.I know this place doesn't claim to be Mexican food but if you are going to name yourself Sierra Bonita and serve guac, salsa, enchiladas, carne asada, etc etc then you better know how to prepare it and get with the program.  Based on the taste of the tenderloin, Sierra Bonita would do itself a favor by adding Ranch Cowboy Style and perhaps even drop all the Mexican fare and stick to what they do best.  If you are looking for guac, salsa, enchiladas, aka Mexican food then look elsewhere.  If you are looking for a tasty pork tenderloin, cowboy rice and beans come here."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b56324204),"I went here last Tuesday for my 25th wedding anniversary. I had been looking forward to visiting J & G ever since they took over from Mary Elaine's. We arrived at our designated reservation time of 7:00 PM but the restaurant was not very full. It is a beautiful place with one of the best views in the valley. It's modern and classy at the same time. Very comfortable atmosphere. My husband had a beautiful floral arrangement waiting at the table for me. We started off by ordering two of their specialty drinks. The Ginger Margarita ($12) and a special Kumquat Mojito. Both were very good. We were informed by the General Manager on a table visit that the Ginger Margaritas are the only drink that is in all of Jean-Georges restaurants worldwide. I ordered the tasting menu for $58.00, which gives you smaller portions of the following food items: Tuna Tartare with Avocado, Sweet Corn Ravioli in basil butter, Halibut with Miso Yuza glaze and Bok-Choy, Grilled petite filet with J & G steak sauce, sauteed spinach, french fries, warm chocolate cake with Carmel ice cream. My husband ordered the Porterhouse $60.00 with a side of mushrooms. They did give us a complimentary dessert of cheesecake with cherry compote and sour cherry sorbet. My husband enjoyed his steak even though he had to send it back to be recooked. My steak was also undercooked but I ended up taking it home so I did not send it back. The steak was not served sizzling hot and the glaze on the Halibut was very spicy. Service was average nothing to rave about. They did make an exception and let me order the tasting menu as I was informed by the server this menu is usually reserved if everyone at the table orders it. I think they wanted to make our anniversary special. I've had better steaks but I gave them four stars since they did go out of there way to make our evening special and the view is fantastic!"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324c4c),"Come on this is Cocos with a different look.  Went there last night.  Breakfast is better.  Food very average, like JBs on a good day.  Bathroom were unkept, wet floor, paper towels everywhere.  My fries came out cold.  Average food, geriatric atmosphere.  You can do better.  Did like the bread selection though that was nice, the Broc and Cheddar soup was just OK.Kind of cute, grandma would love it, if she were still alive that is."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b563238d1),"Yelpers giving this place four or five stars are either seriously misguided, don't have refined pallets, or simply haven't tried Bianco or Cibo.  This place was over priced, had fairly poor service, and the pizza just wasn't that good.I ordered the sausage pizza.  The sausage was pretty bland.  They also screwed up my order by adding onions when I didn't ask for them.  I've had my order messed up on pizzas before by having toppings left off, but never added on that I simply didn't order.  Found that strange.  I would have sent it back, but the waiter didn't check to see how everything was until about fifteen minutes after the food was brought to the table.I'd give Humbe Pie 1.5 stars if I could, but rounded up since it is better than Dominos and Pizza Hut.  I went after buying the GroupOn coupon, but won't be returning."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b56324513),"Seated immediately at 7 pm on a Friday night. Yay. Took about 10 minutes for a server to come over, she said that it was unclear whose table we were so she'd take us. How gracious. We order our meals. Food comes out fairly fast. My 3 year old ordered chicken strips & fries, it came out to 3 good size strips and about 8 fries scattered across the plate. I guess they don't care about presentation for the littlest customers. Seriously, had I not known better the plate looked picked thru and re-served.  My boyfriend had some burrito, no complaints but also nothing positive. I ordered the veggie fajitas. They had zucchini, squash, broccoli, red bell pepper served on one of the sizzling fajita plates, but they were definetly not sizzling. The vegetables were over steamed and incredibly mushy. Once guac, sour cream & pico were added to the mix all you had was mush wrapped in a tortilla. I guess their cooks must moonlight in a nursing home kitchen as chewing was not required with this dish.  Refills were not offered on chips, salsa, drinks until the end of our meal and the waitress never really came back to check on us so we could ask for them either until she came offering dessert. Oh well.The saving grace of this meal was the mandarina margarita. I'd return for drinks, but that's it."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b5632532d),"This place is great.  I've hit it up a few times and really enjoyed my time here.  The food is really rich.  One sandwich will fill you up and you'll stayed filled up for quite some time without feeling like shit.The service is really nice and they offer honest suggestions.  If they think something isn't so great, they'll tell you what they think is better.  I love that.  Usually, I feel like restaurant staff are obligated to tell you that every single food item and beverage has been kissed by angels and blessed by God.  Here, you'll get some honest input and end up with a dish filled with awesomeness.Their iced teas are all great.  They're super refreshing.  I'm gonna hit this sucker up on the weekly when it gets to be frying-balls hot in Phoenix again.I haven't had their beer yet.  Everytime I've gone it's been on my lunch break at work, so I'm hoping that they are fantastic.  I went to sit outside and some lady was like, ""The only thing about sitting outside is that you can't drink beer out there.""  I told her that was fine, I had to go back to work and she told me the beer was bomb.  We shall see.If you're in the area and feel like eating healthy, Mandala Tearoom is a pretty good option.  Their sandwich called ""The East,"" man... I want to make love to it."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b5632511a),The service here blows. That is all!
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323479),"This would actually be another 2.5 Star experience but I went ahead and rounded it up to 3 stars since I am in a good mood.  We came here after going to Chelsea's Kitchen down the street which was super packed for the night.  I easily get annoyed with complementary valet parking because I hardly ever carry cash and feel weird if I do not tip the valet boys and girls but I digress....The concept and look of this place is really fun and different.  I felt like I was in a modern barn.  We walked in and put our name on the list and was surprised that it is all done by an i-Pad and you receive a text message when your table is ready.  Good thing the bf and I remembered our phones or else we would have been out of luck.  The wait wasn't horrible.  We went to the bar and got a couple of glasses of wine, the bartenders didn't seem really in a hurry to help us which got me a little annoyed.We were seated in a cozy, and I mean cozy 2 top table right in a main traffic way.  My bf and I are not big people and felt uncomfortable in the size of the table.  I know you want to pack a lot of tables in a small space but at the expense of the customer?  Our waiter was friendly enough but not as friendly as he was to the group of women that was seated next to us.... nothing like treating all your tables equal huh?We ordered an appetizer, the zucca chips, which had a decent flavor but were a little burnt.  We ordered out main dishes which were a chicken dish and their version of spaghetti and meatballs.  The wait for the food wasn't bad either but I hate when you as the customer have to ask for a wine list because your wine was empty for 10 minutes but the waiter didn't ask if you wanted anything else because he was focused on the table of 5 women next to us sharing an appetizer.  I had the pasta and meatballs, which was me'h.  The pasta was a little mushy and the meatballs really didnt have much flavor.  My bf had the chicken dish with spinach which he loved!  All in all the experience wasn't bad but wasn't good.  Maybe they are still working out their kinks but this place probably won't be high on my list to return any time soon!"
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b56324510),"Oh Yogurtland.....why can't I resist your calling?I had to run an errand and saw this location next to a Fedex Office...perfect!  I dropped in and ordered:Double Cookies & Cream, Strawberry, and Cheesecake...topped with Peanuts, Captain Crunch, and Reese's Peanut Butter Cup for around $4.90.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Co4cQNWyAYv7Hw8jKcEKJg?select=VcouxvxQ0Sl310XRxn9HOghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Co4cQNWyAYv7Hw8jKcEKJg?select=8xzd9ms7YvNaEAvn1irgsQIt was of course awesome!  The line was very short too....even though the weather was in the mid-90's....boy did I luck out!Return Factor - 100%"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324aed),"How did I miss this place for so long??It's right next to Joe's Farm Grill, perhaps I was always so stuffed after having lunch or dinner there I payed it no mind.However, next time I'll stop here FIRST for some amazing cupcakes.  They have a lot of unique flavors (a lot of them vegan) and all I have tried so far have been very yummy and light.The coffee is very good too, they have some unique latte flavors.Fruit loop cupcake?  I'm still waiting to try it!"
ObjectID(5165b71d74c3068b56325c98),"Update:Solid 4.5 stars.Have gone back 7 or 8 times total, and after my review mentioning the ""alternate strips,"" they have served nothing but the GOOD ONES.Maybe they had to use a different source that one day, or I got a bad batch, or whatever.But since then, the strips have been PRIMO and everything there is fresh and fried heaven.Go try it - you'll like it !!!"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325446),"Food is fantastic.  Spice levels are appropriate. Great selection of beer and wine.  Our favorite dish was the tobu salad; it's light, zesty and refreshing.  Tobu is Burmese tofu made of another bean instead of soy.  The Ba-Yar Gyaw appetizer was also very good. The semolina cake for dessert is tasty. My only complaint is that we didn't bring enough people to justify ordering more dishes."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325420),"Went here for lunch on a sunday. And... we were served water in the first five minutes of sitting down! Whoa, timely service! AND our food came really fast! That's an excellent change from the Tempe location. The view of the pond... er, lake is pretty nice, too. Who cares if the staff is a bunch of hippies... if you're that tightly laced, your kids probably need a little variety added to their life anyway. Geez."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323a33),"Lizzie Lemon and me just left Eden's Garden. (So, its DP writing the review on Lemons computer and yelp account). In keeping with my rule of only reviewing if I feel that a place is a 1 or a 5, I'm pleased to give this place a 5.First, Nora was fantastic. She is kind and funny, but mostly, it's so neat to see how proud she is of her family and their restaurant.  She's proud for good reason. Food is truly great and very reasonable. We stared with the potato cake and it was awesome. Nora brought the legit hot sauce which went perfect with the cucumber sauce on the potato cake. Then we had a giant platter of gyros, lamb and chicken kabob.... Ridiculous. The platter was accompanied by a big plate of rice with fresh raisins.  Normally I'd think I wouldn't like sweet raisins with my rice, but it was terrific.Couple of cocktails and great company. Can't say enough about this little family owned spot. Great job. We look forward to being regulars!"
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323b1b),"Environment: Love sick couples and pre-teen birthdays. - 1Appetizer: Melted Cheese = 16 bucks - 1Main Course: I've had better meals camping. - 2Dessert: Excellent! we had a mix of dark and white chocolates. I definitely recommend this place for dessert.+ 1"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b563250e7),"I don't look for food now based on what sounds good. I ask myself what haven't I Yelped? For lunch, the answer was Brio. While sitting in the car outside the restaurant I consult my Yelp application on iPhone and noticed Matt S. had been there and reviewed the restaurant just last week. One thing I have learned, if Matt says its good, its good. The first impression I had walking in was ""wow!"" The deco was awesome - the fabric covered chairs reminded me of the Hotel Monaco, the style and detail was something I wouldn't expect to find in Gilbert. Service was excellent - Tom, our waiter, arrived quickly and asked if this was our first visit. He offered to bring some water while we familiarized ourselves with the menu and upon his return, he went over the specials as well as introduced some of the more popular plates. The bread and tortilla was excellent - nice herbs and flavor. Following Matt's review, I ordered the spicy eggplant and shrimp appetizer. Tom said it was the best app on the menu. The eggplant was fried, topped with a shrimp and bedded in an excellent spicy sauce. Yum!At $9 it sounds a little pricey for an app, but it was great size. Even if we had a party of 4, there would still be enough for a couple per person. As it was with two of us, there was plenty. My friend ordered the Mezza lasagna & insalata - the salad was a smaller version of one of three standard salads (she chose the Chopped Salad). The lasagna was good, not very thick, but definitely rich. It wasn't outstanding, but had a good flavor and was very cheesy. The price was $12.95, which wasn't bad considering a side salad alone is $4. Good value with the combo.I wanted something a little different. I went with one of Tom's suggestions - the Eggs Oscar. Many, this dish was loaded with flavor! Two poached eggs, a small crab & shrimp cake, potatoes, asparagus, artichokes, spinach, red peppers and topped with lemon butter & hollandaise sauce. The size of the portion was huge and worth the $13.95. The reviews for dessert were good, and I do have my Happy Finish list to work on, so as tough as it was, I had to push forward. It is for research after all. I am not doing this for me, but for all of the Yelp readers...Tom brought out a plate of 8 mini desserts and a cake. There were 3 types of Cr??me Brulee on the tray, tiramisu, cheesecake, cobbler and apple nut bread pudding. It should be mentioned that this mini desserts are only $2.45 - you can order the cr??me brulee trio for $6.50 or the dessert sample featuring the other 5 items for $10.95. Good deal if you have trouble deciding. We chose the cake and wow! Save room for dessert!! This was a chocolate lava cake with vanilla ice cream, chocolate ganache, what they called vanilla whipped cream, but it was more of a vanilla sauce (excellent) and a dusting of chocolate powder. Topped with pirouette cookie. The total bill was about $45, which is a little high for brunch, but the service was great, atmosphere excellent and food incredible. Definite happy finish with the dessert.  As others have said, this is definitely worth the price."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b5632332d),"Fast friendly service.  I had a cheesteak  sandwich, fires and a soda.  The sandwich was cooked fresh and very hot.  The hogie roll was fresh with a good crust and soft inside.  The fries were hot and tasted good.  There were lots of condiments.  The most memorable was the 'fry sauce'  delicious.  The peppers were fresh and tasty."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b563256e3),"We stayed for three nights while visiting family for the holidays.Good:Very comfortable bedCleanFunky/cool decor which is uniqueVery friendly and helpful staffFair priceGreat locationNot so good:Pricey overnight parking that was a surprise upon check inNo coffee maker in room; this is pretty well standard for most hotels. We had to either go to the lobby for $4.50 per cup or drive off site. On our final morning before leaving (2 1/2 hours before checkout) with our do not disturb sign duly mounted on the outside of our door, we were disturbed by a rap-rap-rap-rap of who I assume was the cleaner. WTF!"
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b563245d5),"I just got done eating dinner there, and I had to hurry to my computer and write a review. What a cool neighborhood bar kinda place -- with pool -- and food! Good food, at that. Well, I can only vouch for the burgers and fries.There is LOTS of wood panelling in there, and portraits of some old white guys, and neon beer signs aplenty. The interior consists of plain booths, grey linoleum floors, and a nice worn-in bar. It's divided into two rooms. I didn't go into the second, but I could here the satisfying clink of billiard balls emanating from it.The crowd seemed full of regulars. The bartender and other patrons often shouted hellos and goodbyes to people coming in and going out. But they were not unfriendly or cliquish.When we sat down, we found one laminated menu our booth. So hopefully your dining companion is a fast reader.  Luckily, it's fairly short. It's basically burgers, and a few other things you can serve on a bun, fried and fresh sides, and drinks. If you are a beer snob, this place is not for you. In addition to Coors and the like, you can also get some ""old school"" specials, such as PBR, Schlitz, and Miller High Life (at a mere $2 a pop!). I am happy to say that they have expanded their selection since they posted their menu online. The wine list now includes actual wines.We ordered a couple of cheeseburgers, the ""pounder"" of beer-battered fries, and some sodas. After receiving our drinks, we could hear the lovely sizzle of the flat top grill. Our burgers came out a few minutes later.Though served on a too-small plate, those burgers looked mighty fine. For some reason (maybe because I'm female?) only mine was cut in half. We also got a plastic beer pitcher filled with fries.My burger had a nice crisp outside, and was medium rare inside. They hadn't asked how we wanted them cooked. Good thing I like medium rare. It was topped with actual cheddar cheese, a lot of onions, lettuce and tomato, and was served on a light but durable bun. I think it may have been some kind of egg bread. The meat itself was juicy, and full of flavor. Surprisingly, it didn't have an actual winey flavor. Apparently they use sangria. It lent flavor, but didn't distract.It didn't take long for us to kill our burgers and a pound of fries. When the bill came, it totalled just over $20. What a steal!"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b563257f4),"For opening night, there was a giant wave of people coming through the door.  The bar was dimmed in red and purple lights.  The bright new white dining tables were ready to be eaten on.  All new upscale posh furniture in the bar, dining area, and patio.  We were not able to get dinner but we'll be back."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b563238a4),"Truly an amazing meal.  Great space, open kitchen is very entertaining.  Sincere, warm, friendly service.  And outstanding food.The chicken is phenomenal - perfect example of how a humble dish can excel with great execution.  Someone in your party has to order it.  The lamb was similarly terrific.  The braised leeks are well covered in other reviews here and are a great choice, but the fennel was even better - the ratio of various ingredients perfectly balanced and with just the right amount of dressing.If you consider yourself a ""foodie"" - or whatever annoying term we use to describe ourselves - you owe yourself a trip to FnB.  This is a restaurant that could thrive in any market in the country - Phoenicians be thankful it is in your hood."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b563247ee),"I can't help but love this place. I've been going here since, quite literally, the day the opened. I move further away and I keep coming back.The staff is friendly, the food is delicious, the beer selection constantly rotates to new and interesting beers... and this is basically the de-facto hangout for climbers and cyclists! Really can't go wrong with this place."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b563236ac),"Toyama has two wonderful Sushi chefs (Mo & Giro) who remember you by name and offer great ""off the menu"" selections if you request chefs choice. I highly recommend Toyama for their great rolls and sushi. They have the freshest sushi around and their wait staff is very attentive...so much better than the ""other guys""."
ObjectID(5165b71d74c3068b56325c98),"I dropped by here before going to the grocery store and I wasn't disappointed.Their specialty are the chicken fingers, being my first time here I ordered a regular plate which consists of waffle fries, 3 chicken fingers, and a side of sauce to dip the chicken with. They had all kinds of different flavors but I went with their special sauce which is kind of a mayo and ketchup mixture with seasoning.I originally thought that I wasn't going to be full with just waffle fries and 3 chicken pieces but when my food got to me it was a heaping plate of waffle fries, a texas toast, which was a buttered sourdough slice, and 3 generously sized chicken breast tenders. The waffle fries were good, reminds me of Chik Fil A if you've ever been there, I didn't care too much for the texas toast but I did take a couple bites, but the chicken was delicious. The breading was not too overpowering, it didn't take away from the taste of the chicken and the sauce went well with every bite. The chicken was extremely juicy and very tasty. So give this place a chance if you enjoy homemade chicken tenders."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b563259b0),"My wife and I went here last night at about 7pm.  The place was eerily dead.  There were probably 4 other people in the entire place.  I know the saying, ""nobody likes to eat in an empty restaurant"", but we didn't care and decided to give this place a try.For many reasons, I really really really do not enjoy giving sub-par reviews so I will try to be gentle and concentrate on what I liked sprinkled with a few things that could be improved upon.If I had to rate a place only on decor, bathrooms and stickiness of my table; this place would not do very well.  Good thing I was here for the food.Our waiter was very fast and friendly.  He was a very soft spoken gentlemen and it was difficult to understand him at times.  He was fast to refill waters and diet cokes so I really can't complain.  Here is what we ordered:*Thai Spring Rolls - these were excellent as was the dipping sauce which had a nice kick to it.  I would order these again.*Tom Yum Goong - this had a nice kick and a nice flavor.  However, I would have liked more ""stuff"" in it.  It came with some mushrooms and shrimp, but could have used a bit more.  I would order this again but some of their other soups looked good as well.*Steak & Chicken with Spicy Thai Lemon Garlic Sauce - this was ok.  It was just some strips of cheap beef and chicken with some sauce.  The chicken was good but the beef was just eh.  I probably wouldn't order this again.*Garlic and Peppers - this was just ok too.  My wife ordered it with tofu instead of chicken, but we got the chicken anyway.  We didn't send it back because I don't like doing that and maybe this was a ""sign"" to try the chicken because it is amazing.  Anyway, the dish had good flavor but it was eh.  My wife would probably order this again, but I wouldn't.For the heath conscious, each of our entrees were not covered in tons of sauce so that's a plus.  However, the menu said they had brown rice, but we were told they didn't have any so that was a negative. I haven't had much Thai food in my day, but I think this place is more Chinese than Thai.  Perhaps we just didn't order the right things?  Judging by the reviews on here it looks like I should have done my homework before my visit to be sure I ordered properly.I wouldn't rush back here but I won't cross it off my list just yet because I don't think I ordered what I should have.  However, as far as Thai food goes in my book, it is Thai Basil all the way."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324f9c),"Took my hunny here for his birthday today.....welll.............So I had reservations at 6:15pm....the restaurant is somewhat hidden beneath a huge apartment structure so we drove around twice to find the parking structure...which had no visual signs. After parking we were trying to find an exit from the parking structure and when we finally surfaced the creepy underground parking lot, we had to go through a maze in the Arizona heat around the apartments for about 5 minutes before reaching the restaurant at the opposite end of the parking structure. I was in a black dress and heels and boy was I sweating. Once I got in there I light-heartedly said to the host ""Omg why is it so hard to find this place...I've been walking in a maze! Then he laughing said well it's good that you're here now and we'll quickly get you some ice water to cool u down and sat us down at a nice table. So this was our first time here but I already kinda know how it works since I've been to other restaurants with tasting menus...but for this one they give you this orange sheet with the price listing for the number of courses you want and any thing you don't like you can cross out or write down. There is a minimum of 4 course for $50, 5 for $60, 6 for $70 and 7 for $80 and then there's the full tasting for $140 and a supplement of $15 if you want one of dish to be Foie Gras. So my bf and I decided on 7 course and supplement a dish for foie gras. I don't  like alcohol but they had an option on their drink menu for non-alcoholic cocktails...so basically they would mix any cocktails without the alcohol so I thought that was pretty cool.I started with a salad and my bf started with a soup..then the other dishes came out in between 15-20 minute intervals. I did not like the way they made the foie gras...because it had a sugar caramelized coat and was a bit too burnt..which to me ruin the foie gras. So I DO NOT recommend the $15 foie gras supplement. I also did not like the creme brulee dessert...it was too wet and I was not fond of the taste either. Other then that the other dishes was okay...it wasn't really mind-blowing. The service wasn't spectacular....for the price I paid I expect beyond great service but eh our waiter was okay...he came with our dishes, explained it and then walked away...came back after we were done, took our plates and walked away again...it was a slow night too....there were only about 5 other couples there..and we each had our own servers so I think they could have done a better job.The bill came out to be around $273....my bf didn't even have wine..just two Blue Moon beers. Overall I'm not too thrill about this place...it's only been opened for like 2 years and 8 months. I didn't mind spending the money but I do expect to get what I paid for...in this case I do not feel I have...sooo would I come here again? mmmmm maybe not.  FYI: Yelp says it's dressy and Opentable.com says it's causal elegant....Honestly it doesn't freakin really matter...my bf and I dressed up really nice...only to find that some other people were in regular polo shirts, jeans, shorts and filp-flops!! this really irritates me....at least try not to wear flip-flops at such an expensive restaurant! -_-"" And I find this the case in many of the fine dining restaurants I've been to..-_-"""""""""
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323791),"Sometimes I just want an omelet.  And sometimes it is at lunch time during the middle of the week when the only options to fulfill this craving would be going to Denny's or IHOP.  Lucky for me my office is near Joe's Diner and they serve breakfast all day!I convinced one of my co-worker's to join me for a mid-week brunch and off we went to Joe's.  If you blink, you might miss it, and even then you might think you are at the wrong place because it looks like a car repair shop.  But inside is a quintessential 50's style diner complete with black and white checkered floors!We got there a bit before noon and there were only 2 other tables with people, but that soon changed and the place started to fill up.  We both ordered omelets with potatoes and I got a single pancake on the side.My omelet was delicious, fluffy and filled with ham, peppers, cheese, green chilies and tomatoes with a side of sour cream...and it was huge!  The side of potatoes were delicious, I am normally a hashbrown girl, but these cubed potatoes were seasoned so well that they went perfect with the eggs.The pancake was one of the best pancakes I have ever had, it was a bit crisp around the edges and when covered in syrup it was melt in your mouth good!The servers are very pleasant and attentive and the food comes out quick.  I would think that on the weekend this place gets pretty packed....so I am glad that I can get my omelet fix here during the week with no wait!"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325420),"I haven't shared the poor service experiences other Yelpers have expressed; I've been to Pita Jungle a few times now and it has always been excellent food and reasonable -- perhaps not exceptional, but quite reasonable -- service by tatooed and pierced waitstaff.The Mediterranean platter is especially excellent, under ten dollars generously apportioned to fill a take-home box for at least one additional meal.  This is food that just makes you feel good.Pita Jungle features local art for sale on the walls.  It's often fun to see what they have new in."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b563239ec),"I love Saddle Ranch for its casual night time festivities (including watching people ride the mechanical bull hehehe), but I cannot ignore the fact that the food was disgusting!When I think of my meal this past Friday night, I think of two words: dry and cold. The spinach artichoke dip was just okay - a bit on the dry side and not very cheesy. The onion rings were just okay was well as the batter reminded me of the chicken nuggets at McDonald's, maybe even worse. The BBQ burger (turkey patty) was dry and tasteless as was the bacon. Really? It must take true talent to cook bacon tasteless. There are a few things that the menu has going for itself - a few very unique and fun desserts and drinks that I have yet to see elsewhere. I am fond of the giant pile of cotton candy and, though I'm not much of a beer drinker, the beer tower looks pretty badass.For me, I came and will continue to come for the fun atmosphere, but I will definitely be staying away from the grub. Adios, cowboy."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b563239ec),"It's a bar.  You walk in, mechanical bull, TONS of guys, loud, huge beers, and GREAT lettuce wraps (They really did have great food)!!  I don't really have much to compare it to because this was my first place to visit in while in Arizona, but it was a fun place to start the night off at and have a few beers."
ObjectID(5165b71d74c3068b56325dab),"Went to Lola's with a friend. I had heard it was a community table and was a little reluctant because we were planning to catch up and I thought conversation would be difficult -- I am easily distracted by my neighbor's conversation at places like that -- but we got there so early (6:30) for most of our time we had open seats to either side. That said, the servers used the space to lean in and take the orders of other patrons and I did get bumped once or twice. We had a pitcher of sangria (which was good, but I like Ticoz better) and 3 tapas: the asparagus (which was fine... nothing spectacular), the tortilla (which is like scalloped potatoes) and the flat iron steak which had a great mushroom topping. And, we had the chocolate apricot tart. The tart was the best part. Our bill came to $76 not counting tip. It was fine... just don't think I'm going to wind up craving anything 3 days from now (or even remembering much about it)."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324a52),"Mostly I love the Rokerij just because I love saying the name.  But the food is also killer.  I had the most amazing chicken, and the sides, which usually I just take for granted as filler food, were sodelicious that they caught my attention in a big way.  I also tried my date's steak, and while it was fairly spendy, it sure seemed worth it.The feel of the place is great too, with the dark stone walls and coziness without feeling too crowded.  We ventured downstairs to look at the bar, and had we been there early enough to snag a couch I wouldn't have wanted to leave.It definitely feels like a splurge, or somewhere you'd take a business associate or date that you wanted to wow.  It's manages a high end feel, while remaining unmistakably local.  I can't say I'd suggest it just for any old night, but it will stay on top of my list for special occasions."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b5632550e),"Buffalo Wings and Rings looks like a combination of Wing Stop, Buffalo Wild Wings, with a little bit of Wingnuts thrown in for good measure. Decor aside, this place is amazing! The wings are big and meaty and the beer selection is fantastic. There are nine sauce choices and each one can be ordered anywhere from mild to atomic. This is what really sets BWR apart from the competition...fully customizable wing heat...awesome!!! It is like my wing dreams have come true. There is also a full bar and a very large menu for those sad and deranged individuals who don't like wings.I made the wing excursion with my gluttonous partners in crime Brian V. and Forest W. Here is what the three of us ordered:50 wings...yeah, that's how we gluttons roll.10 Original X-hot-the sauce is a very respectable buffalo sauce. Nice balance of vinegar and butter...the X-hot made it even better. It was wonderfully hot without being unpleasant.10 Spicy BBQ X-hot-smokey, sweet, spicy and delicious.10 Parmesan Garlic hot-garlicy, cheesy, salty, spicy, crispy and yummy.10 Lemon Pepper hot-lemony, peppery, spicy10 Crazy X-hot-a combination of spicy BBQ and Lemon Pepper-OMG amazing. These were my favorites.We also ordered sloppy fries-these are chili cheese fries that arrive in a gigantic salad bowl. Yes, a gigantic wooden salad bowl bigger than your head...full of curly fries, chili, and cheese. In the pantheon of salad bowl novelties, this salad bowl full of fat-filled, artery clogging, amazement is second only to the flaming salad bowl full of booze at Bahooka. We rounded out our ridiculous feast with three bloody marys (Saturdays only $2.50,) a pitcher of domestic beer (Saturdays $8,) and two Dogfish 90 Minute IPAs. To say we had to be rolled out of the place is no small exageration.With it's fully customizable wings and behemoth bowls of sloppy fries BWR takes it's place among my top 5 wing restaurants."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b5632582d),"This restaurant is somewhat hidden in a strip mall across the street from ASU West. In the daytime it is hard to tell if it is open or closed, because the heavy tinting of the glass in front makes it hard to see what's inside. Inside, it is a cozy dining place with quaint chairs with backrests of polished diagonal sections of tree trunks. The service is friendly, the food items priced par for the course for Korean food (moderate, not inexpensive), and the food quality is good. I really enjoy their kalbi and bulgogi, especially when made into ssam (lettuce wraps). The banchan is adequate and flavorful, though the kimchi is quite mild - perhaps the heat is toned down for American tastes. And their lunch specials are a good and relatively inexpensive way to get  fast food, Korean style."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324eda),"Joining me for a Phoenix Suns and AZ D-Backs game, you will find me at Alice Cooperstown.  It's a great blend of sports and music!!  This place is ""off the hizzle~zizzle"" when it comes to a great place to meet friends prior to and after a game in Downtown Phoenix.  It's a unique combination of quality bar style food with an energetic atmosphere.Their service is good.  Everyone that works here is all done up in their best face paint ""Alla Alice Cooper-esque"" and the walls are full of memorabilia from both Randy Johnson and Alice Cooper creating one of the most unique places in the city to dine and drink. Seating is available both inside and on their patio.  They have a court yard too where bands play and for unique events.Their food again is good but remember it's primarily a sports bar.  I've had ""The Big Unit"" Hot Dog with all the trimmings as seen on Man vs Food.  It's surprisingly good and a great thing to share with a couple of friends.  The whole place yells out ""THE BIG UNIT"" when it's served.  It made me feel somewhat ""manly"" more so than usual :-)  I recommend their BBQ chicken, Tommy's Cali Burger and their ""no more Mr. Nice guy ~ chipotle chicken pasta ~ Yum!  They also offer a low carb menu for those healthy eaters if you can believe that.Food = 4Service = 4Great time to have with friends = 5!!I hope to see you there sometime before or after a Sun's or D-Backs game!"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325a57),"So it's a chain.  I like it.  Who is making up these unwritten rules that we can't dine at, write about, or enjoy a chain restaurant anyway?I actually come here primarily when my mom is visiting because she likes it.  So do a few of my Flagstaff friends.  I've found the food is always prepared well, the service is always great, and the prices are reasonable including drink prices.  Oh and now they have these cute little dessert minis for $2.00 each.  I didn't indulge since we had a birthday cake at home, but for $2, I can try everything that looks good!"
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b56324609),"I can't believe it took me so long to find this place and finally try it, but it's now one of my favorite places in Phoenix.  The food is excellent and enough to leave you stuffed.  The family running the place is amazing and some of the coolest restaurant owners I've ever met!Don't be afraid of the bananas in the Flying Jacob.  Trust me, it's awesome.  The chicken schnitzel cordon bleu lives up to the hype it's gotten from a couple of food critics in the New Times and elsewhere.  The burgers are really good, too, and every side I've ever tried has been awesome!  Be sure to check out the dessert cooler.  You never know what they might have, but it's always something good.  Oh, and pay with cash if you can.  Not only does it help them make more money, but they seem to do cash discounts sometimes too.I've noticed a few people have given them bad ratings because they ""take too long."" Good food takes time, and the menus even say which dishes take an especially long time to prepare and bake (maybe they added that recently).  If you're on a schedule, call ahead and get takeout.This place is special and I hope they're around for a long time!"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325066),"The Farmhouse is a wonderful gem of a place. It's small and cozy, and filled with antiques. The location is just as quaint, in downtown Gilbert's Heritage District. BTW, the Farmhouse restaurant is not to be confused with the Farmhouse Village. There ARE restaurants there, but they are not the original Farmhouse, and not nearly as good. I have never had a meal here I didn't like --- from cinnamon rolls, to scrambled eggs and gravy, to a BTL sandwich and soup. They serve simple American fare, but do it right. They also --- amazingly --- have some of the same cooks and servers who have been working there for years.The only downside I can think of is that due to it's growing popularity, there can be a line out the door. It's worth the wait."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b5632469c),"It's a restaurant in a gas station, but it merits five stars b/c it has glass bottles of soda, just like you find in Mexico.  Good food too.  It's actually not nearly as bad inside as you'd think, it's pretty well set apart from the gas station sales, so I wouldn't mind eating there.  They have a few tables set up inside.  I usually get takeout though (they also deliver).  MANZANA LIFT ROCKS!!!  I'm also going to be drinking the Sprite in the bottle, (cane sugar ftw) and the horchata.  I don't care about Chipotle opening near work anymore, I've found a new Mexican fix for lunch.  What a happy day."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324b14),"I dig this place.  I have only ever eaten here for lunch, but I have been here a kabillion times, and I love it.  The only 2 negatives are the parking and the SEMI-cash-only situation.  Meaning, this place DOES take credit cards if your order is over $25!A lot of other Yelpers have complained that the male owner is a little rude, and his wife (I think?) is the other owner, and she has always been okay.  I guess I am from the east coast, so they seem totally fine to me, but I can see where AZ people think they're a little gruff.  Whatever... I am not paying them to be nice-- I am paying them to cook me some awesome grub.The best sandwich, to me, is the Italiano because it's the best prosciutto I have ever had.  The texture and quality makes it melt in your mouth.  Also, you can have this sandwich on focaccia (my friends usually choose this option) or the homemade Italian bread, which is my choice.  It's soft and that dusting of flour just makes me all Italo-happy.  It's served with uber-fresh basil as well.  There is a balsamic dressing that is usally served on top, but I ask for it on the side, as I don't like my bread to get mushy.  Finally, the sandwich is pretty big, so it's worth the $10.  (It's gotta be $10 worth of primo prosciutto alone!)The other key choice is the pizza.  I departed from my beloved Italiano one day (but only because I had already eaten it 2 days before) and ventured toward the pizza.  I am suprised to say that it's really great!  The crust is perfect, and it's just the right amount of doughy.My advice is to try it.  Get there at 11:30am or 1:00pm for lunch.  Carpool.  Bring cash.  Smell the air when you walk in.  Order the pizza.  Make plans to go back and try the Italiano.  ;)"
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b5632427e),"Come for the breakfast tacos. Load them with brisket and other ingredients and you have some hearty little fellers that will keep you full all day for less than $5.The moist brisket and sausages are fantastic. Stay away from the lean brisket.If I was to rate this place on Decor and Breakfast, 5 stars. For dinner? You're better off going next door. More sides to choose from and overall better value."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325728),"My husband has been wanting to go here for awhile now. He had frequented the Houston store when he lived there, and I had made him throw out his ancient dregs of Penzey's taco seasoning when he moved in. I expected Penzey's to be FAR more expensive than it is. Many items are less than you would pay for McCormick's in the grocery stores. They sell just about any spice, dried herb, and combo seasoning that you could think of, in a good variety of sizes. They also have cocoa powder, 3 different vanilla strengths, almond, lemon, and orange extracts, whole vanilla beans, arrowroot, and cream of tartar for the bakers. They have sample jars of everything, so you can get a close look at the texture and get a good whiff as well. It's all very high quality. They have recipe books, customizable gift packs, and very helpful staff. If you are a Food Network junkie like we are, this is where you can get all the ""new"" hot seasonings all the cool kids are using."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b563259c0),Good  shit most of the time.
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324dfd),"After hearing that the owners of Perk Eatery were from Michigan, I think I got my hopes up that they'd be able to make fluffy omelettes like I get back home... unfortunately, that wasn't the case.  However, I did enjoy my meal at this little locally owned restaurant.  I met a friend at Perk for a weekday lunch last Wednesday.  I'd been wanting to try it for awhile and wasn't surprised to find it hiding in a strip mall (like so many little gems here in AZ).  The atmosphere was nothing special but we chose to sit outside as it was a beautiful day.  My friend had an omelette and I had a Greek Salad.  The service was not attentive despite the fact that there were few patrons while we were there.  (I have a feeling they get slammed for weekend brunches though).  The food was good; not mindblowing, but decent.  I like the fact that they use fresh, local, and organic ingredients.  One more perk is that I believe they have free wi-fi (but I cannot attest to using it).Would I return? Sure.  Am I rushing back? No, but I don't want to deter you from checking it out.  And please let me know if you are more ""perked up"" after dining at Perk than I am!"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324b5c),"I'll give this place 4 stars because in the handful amount of times I've been, I've never been disappointed either with the food, or temperature of the beer :) Even better, the first place in AZ I've found that has a ""Taco Tuesday"" (Which means dollar something oversize taco's for all you who don't know)One thing really blew my mind about this place though, the crabcakesHUH???Perhaps it was Mr. Daniels talking but when we got our crabcakes as an appetizer they were not only cooked perfectly but tasted pretty amazing considering were sitting in the middle of the desert and your average run of the mill establishment.Being in my careless state I failed to ask (but pretty much know the answer to it anyways) if the crabcakes were brought in or made in house, being that my assumption is brought in, whoever their supplier is sure knows how to make a good one!"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325891),"I was underwhelmed.  I went for lunch with a friend an sat on the patio. While some of the bohemian 'charm' of Palette was definitely gone, the shaded patio is still a comfortable, welcoming space, even on a 95 degree day. (and perhaps more so, with some of the 'clutter' gone.)What got to me was the slow and somewhat rude service.  Despite several empty tables, we waited well over 30 minutes for our food, after waiting at least 10 minutes for our order to be taken.  When we asked after our food, we were abruptly told it was coming, only to wait another 10 minutes.  This is unacceptable for a weekday lunch when you have to get back to work.When the food finally arrived, I was disappointed.  I had the Cola Ham Sandwich and fries.  The sandwich was mediocre and the fries were tepid and greasy.  My colleague had the salad which he seemed to enjoy (although not enough to warrant any comments)I understand everybody has off days, etc, , so I'll be back, especially to check out the brunch.   It is great to have a locally owned non-corporate restaurant in an historic house with a great patio in downtown Phoenix, so I have high hopes my experience next time will match some of the better reviews on this site."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324e27),"Shortly after posting my entry about Centurion (see below) I received an email from chef/owner Eric Osburn stating that the had, indeed, not been in the restaurant during our lunch because someone had set fire to their fence, and he was taking care of that. We had noticed the damage on our way in. He asked that we give Centurion another try.Since, as I said in my review, there were many intriguing things about the place, we decided to do that.     The patio had been repaired, and even improved on, with the addition of canvas ""sails"" overhead to block the sun. It was 2PM, there were few customers, and we were able to have a good conversation with Eric. He's a graduate of the Culinary Institute of America in Hyde Park and is passionate about food. With Centurion, he wants to overturn many of the problems he's noticed in other restaurants. He aims to be high-end, but with reasonable prices and no pretension. His kitchen is right in back of the windows looking out on Roosevelt, so the cooks don't feel shut in. And like many chefs now, he tries to use local and sustainable products, making for a seasonal menu.He even told me a great way to cook butternut squash - using a cider reduction and vanilla.     The truly notable changes in our meal were with the stuffed mushrooms and the sauce that came with the mussels. Instead of being ugly lumps, the mushrooms were a work of art. They had been split, stuffed with rice, and wrapped in proscuitto. Looking like exotic oysters, they were so pretty I hated to cut into them. But I was glad I did, because this time they were perfectly cooked and delicious. The mustard sauce on the mussels was well balanced, with the flavors of mustard and white wine playing off each other. We kept soaking it up with the accompanying tasty house-made bread. I have to say I still wasn't crazy about the eggplant panini, but it was more thoroughly cooked than the last time. I guess it's just a matter of taste.     Because it was Eric who served us, things went well. I'm willing to accept the fact that the staff had been upset about the fire and not functioning as well as they ordinarily would. We'll be going back to try the dinner entrees, so I guess we'll find out."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b563251b3),"This joint seems fairly unassuming from the outside, but inside it's brightly painted with colors of traditional Mexico. The staff is really friendly and the food is excellent. From the shrimp appetizers to the tortilla soup to the chicken enmoladas, they've hit a home run each and every time I've been there. The agua frescas are a perfect complement to the meal and are strongly recommended. The only downside is the place lost its liquor license some time back so it's booze-free, but you wouldn't even notice it because everything else is so good. The warm atmosphere is an added bonus - something many ethnic restaurants fail at providing.Definitely a great stop. I say forgo your hankering for Filiberto's check  this place out atleast once.EDITED SEPT. '07: Seems like Asi Es La Vida has had some issues with the Maricopa County Health Department. Knock a few stars right there. And they're STILL waiting for their liquor license? Uh, it's going on almost two years now. Something's not right with this picture."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324dec),"I am not sure what the fuss is about this place. I will give it points for a unique interior; I mean it is not very often that you can eat a plate of spaghetti while sitting in a giant velvet throne, but the food is very ho hum. I grabbed dinner there with some friends before heading to a concert in Glendale, the concert was after work, and it was a good middle meeting place. For being an Italian restaurant, I thought the menu was really limited....nothing really unique, mostly just pasta and sauce combinations. The salad that you get with your meal is just the cheapo iceberg, which is not even worth eating. Also, they advertise that they can make any of their pastas gluten-free, which excited my sister, but when she tried to order, she was informed that the only gluten-free sauce they have is the tomato, so she went with just a salad, once again, chock full of that icky iceberg lettuce. There is way better Italian food out there people!"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b5632492a),"Thai Hut falls somewhere in the spectrum of 3 to 4 stars.  I really am not an expert on Thai food and usually count on my gf to order something I'll like, but several things make Thai Hut stand out:1) Location is ideal and near the art museum in the restaurant dead-zone of McDowell.  Odd, that.2) Charming building 3) Fantastic, family oriented service4) Pad Thai is the best I've had in my limited experience (take it FWIW)5) Thai tea, um, fooking delicious6) CHEAPBesides, where else ya gonna go before hitting up the Goyas?"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324d61),"Breakfast...  a leisurely one is a great way to start a weekend.  On a recent Saturday morning, my friend and I stopped by U.S. Egg in search of a favorite breakfast indulgence - Eggs Benedict. We were seated promptly, and our friendly waitress highly recommended both the Eggs Benedict (for me) and a slight variation, the California Benedict (including bacon and avocado), for her.  Both dishes looked great when they arrived, and even included a nice side of hash browns.  However, the letdown was immediate when I cut in to my first egg.  The yolk was... solid!  No delightfully runny goodness to mix with the hollandaise.  My friend's eggs were overdone as well.  What happened?  My guess is the dishes sat a bit too long under a heat lamp after being plated.  So disappointing.  :(I may give U.S. Egg another try, as a number of other menu items looked tempting.  The restaurant was bright and inviting, and the service was quick and friendly.  Still, how can you serve Eggs Benedict with overcooked yolks!?"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b563256e9),"I'd give them five stars if the servers weren't crabby ALL of the time and the bathrooms weren't a mess. And by mess I mean the t.p. dispensers are broken, some doors don't have locks, and they smell bad. Otherwise, the food is awesome and all of the beer offerings are, too. I've had a few of the sandwiches, and the fish are chips are my favorite--big fish, great batter.I hate that some establishments feel like, ""we're unique and in high demand, so just deal with our shitty service and amenities."" BUT I still come here and they know I will. Damn them."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325868),"This has been a favorite lunch spot of mine, way back to when it first opened.  A couple of things have made it even better in recent months.  First off, the Kierland Plaza Lofts are completed, which opens up a TON of parking nearby.  So, it's actually possible to zip in and out for lunch.  Second, with the transformation from ""The Counter"" to ""Chloe's Corner,"" the number of tables has more than doubled.   It's now possible to sit down during lunch hour without elbowing an elderly couple for position or hovering above people while they finish their meals.The best part about Chloe's Corner is what HASN'T changed.  First off, home made pop tarts.  You heard me correctly.  If you haven't had these, grab your keys, get in your car and go.  They are different every day and when they're gone, they're gone, so don't procrastinate.  You can finish reading this review later.I think the sandwiches are great.  I can never seem to get away from the Hot Smoked Turkey.  My various dining companions have tried a number of the other sandwiches and salads.  The bites I've stolen have all been wonderful.  And, if none of it sounds good, just get the Hot Dog.  Last but not least, the milkshakes......homemade and huge.  If you're looking for a 800 calorie drink/dessert, look no further.  All in all, Chloe's remains one of my weekday lunch favorites."
ObjectID(5165b71d74c3068b56325f6a),"Wine, wine, wine....cheers!  I couldn't wait to go here.  Our 1st visit unfortunately was a Saturday at 5ish so we just missed HH.  It was packed.  Luck would have it we did get a seat at the bar (party of 4)...BUT, it took quite awhile before we got served.  So bar seating we were not impressed.  We put our name down for a table and the wait was over an hour.  We finally got our table 1.5hrs later. When we finally got our table and order our bottle of wine and food.  The food and wine was great!  Just getting to this point was aggravating.....plus we already spent 75+ bucks before we got seated. I will go back, because I love, love, love the Arcadia location.  I hope it was an off night.Food/wine = 5 starsService that night =2.5/3starts"
ObjectID(5165b71d74c3068b56325c6b),"Service was great, food was awesome!  Yelp is right.  Definitely try the pork belly pastrami ($12) and the Citizen chopped salad ($12).  The pan-seared scallops were also winners ($24).The cask cocktails are also amazing. So smooth.  The Manhattan ($11) was amazing.  The flavors definitely mellowed in the cask and gave it a unique flavor as well.And don't miss the bread pudding!  Yum! $10 and worth every penny!Plus one of the only places in downtown Scottsdale that's open past 10pm.  Score!"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b5632524c),"This place is fabulous.  We get the pupusa with just beans and cheese - so simple but so delicious.  The platano and yucca are also excellent.  The beans, alone, are worth the visit.  There are also yummy drinks.  We are a vegetarian family but we've brought meat eating friends and family there too - there is something for everybody and everyone has been pleased.The service is so friendly and welcoming.  Go there!"
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323492),"Goldman's is a prime example of a delicious deli that was hiding right in front of my face! Yes, I've passed by Goldman's hundreds of times and it's a small sin that it took me this long to step foot inside. But, now I have and I am happy to report that this is going to be added to my rotation immediately! First, I like that Goldman's has some serious pride in their love of Chicago. It's nice to see a deli with some passion and this deli is definitely passionate about their food and the Windy City. The menu has it all...burgers and grilled cheese to brisket and pastrami. Let's not also forget about matzah ball soup and other classic Jewish deli cuisine. I decided to try their famous hot pastrami sandwich. My bf has the brisket so I was able to try both! I think I liked the brisket better then the pastrami but the pastrami was also delicious. The food is definitely meat happy so come with an appetite or you'll be leaving half the sandwich on the plate like me. I don't think I would stay and eat here, but it's a very worth deli for on the go! PS -- they also serve breakfast starting at 8 AM!"
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b56324510),"2 words? creamy dream. get your head out of the gutter. i'm on a yogurt kick, and this place is across the street from my office. that's not why i gave it 5 stars though. I gave it 5 stars bc the vanilla yogurt is EXTRA vanilla-y. the blackberries are so plump. I have never seen strawberries so red. and kiwi so firm. when i leave i feel like skipping with my yogurt. only $4 for a cup filled to the top with the freshest fruit and the most vanilla-y vanilla ever?? I understand that tart is the new trend, but my sour face is not attractive. and this is going to sound bananas- but  their yogurt isn't too cold. it's the perfect temperature to taste all of the goodness and not give your tongue freezer burn. I won't lie- i've been replacing my lunch lately with this creamy dream. so worth it. and the fact that it's fat free and mostly fruit takes away some of that guilt."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323aa8),"I used to be a huge fan of this place, but it was just ok this time around..A bunch of us went and I ordered their steak for two.. 22oz. Thought it might be good.  It was dry and had no flavor.  She had asked at the beginning ""Do you guys want A-1?""  I said ""No thanks.""  A good steak shouldn't need any sauce.  I should have asked for a ton of it.. just ugg..We also got their artichoke, which was actually not too bad.  I love the one they do at Cheesecake  Factory. if you combine both, you have the ultimate smoked artichoke.  Everyone was ok with their meal and one of my friends loved his.  He got the chicken fried steak.  Cant really mess that up I guess.  it was pretty good. Id go back, but Im not the fan i used to be of this place."
ObjectID(5165b71d74c3068b56325cba),"FOODPeople are griping about the creative license the owners took with the names of their food, but my issue is over the fact that it is almost always tepid. I don't know if it's the server's fault or the cook(s) not timing things correctly but I don't think I've ever had a sandwich/burger that seemed freshly cooked.Two or three weeks back, I dined with a friend and he ordered one of the ""specials""- some sort of veggie sandwich that had decent ingredients but the different flavors just didn't go well together. I don't think he even ate half of it.As a heads up, they make their own 'house' ketchup and if you don't like the taste, you are SOL since they don't have store-bought ketchup.BEERMaybe people love how often they rotate their beers but I'm not made of money and can't hit up their place every 2-3 nights for their $6+ beer. I'm also not really a fan of how their beer menu is presented- the bar area doesn't need to be that crowded. If they had a weekly rotation, they could print out weekly beer menus. My favorite bar in IL did this and it worked out just fine. Maybe learn how much beer to order or be okay with not having 31 'flavors' at all times?Also, people rave about how amazing having flights are (really?), but I don't think it's a really good deal. The pours for the flights are about as much as the pours for a sample- if you're with at least one other person and you both get 3 samples, BAM! a free 'flight.' Increase the pours on your flights, or decrease the pours on your samples, otherwise it is infinitely cheaper to keep saying ""Can I have a sample of X, please?""SERVICENot consistent.I'm not sure how many have actual beer knowledge but I'm betting they use the 'beer list' as a crutch. I get why they have the beer list as I'm sure they don't want to answer annoying questions over and over but this is the ONLY place I've been to that does this and I would honestly prefer a beer menu and use google if the server can't answer my beer question.OTHERI've been here a handful of times; twice when it was really busy (2nd night they opened and the grand opening). What you'll take-away from your experience is how incredibly LOUD it is inside, whether they're crowded or not. They need to invest in some dampeners or something, and considering how much they charge for their beers ($6 is the average, a few $5, rounded out with $7 and up), I'm sure they can afford it.While I like the idea of their TV dinner night, I went once and the experience was lackluster. It's on the patio and the screen is TINY. Unless you're in the first 'row' or two of tables, you won't get a good viewing experience. In addition, you can't hear anything. I thought they'd have it streaming on speakers or something, but no. So if you're expecting to watch a movie, expect to be ignoring it instead.I love their mural. It's maybe my 2nd favorite in PHX (after the 'illegal alien' sombrero one on Calle 16, also by Lalo Cota).They don't currently have a happy hour but they do have a 'Ladies Night' on Wednesday. $1 off drafts.They don't allow smoking on the patio. However, their patio is dog-friendly although I've yet to bring my dog since I live walking distance to the Main Ingredient (they have all day happy hour on Sundays and Mondays! $2.50 drafts, folks)I expect I'll bump my review up to **** stars eventually since I really like the appearance of the place and the beers they bring in. Maybe after I get a hot sandwich?"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325be8),"A Salvadorean friend recommended this place to us when she found out that we love papusas. I got  a massive plate of those crispy, delicious goodies and an even more massive cup of horchata, which could have been a meal in itself. Our server was super-friendly and patient--it took us forever to decide. We left stuffed and satisfied."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b563241bd),This place has the best donuts ever...open 24hr!
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323f0e),"This place actually deserves ZERO stars, but Yelp makes me give them at least one.  I HAVE NEVER BEEN TREATED SO HORRIBLY IN MY LIFE!!! THIS PLACE HAS THE WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER!!!  I don't usually type in all caps like the above sentences, but that was all I could do to express how horrible the customer service was.  My boyfriend and I went in for some pizza.  I will say it was about 1:30 am on a Friday night.  I say this because I see others have mentioned how poorly they were treated late night as well.  We asked for 3 slices of cheese pizza with jalapenos. There were only 2 pieces of cheese left (everything else had meat =(...) so we quickly ordered a veggie for our 3rd slice since the lady at the register was very quickly getting irritated and impatient..  Literally right after paying we walked to the side to wait and turned back and saw a fresh cheese pizza that had come out from the back.  We quickly asked the lady at the register if we could change the veggie we had ordered for a slice of cheese.  She refused to exchange one slice of cheese pizza.  Another employee who was boxing the pizza up for us tried to change out the slices for us, and she yelled at him for trying to do so.  In my past experiences if a customer asks for a pizza that isn't out on the counter, they would go and check how much longer until it was ready.  This was not the case here.  I could understand if there was some long line out the door, but since it was before 2 am we were the only ones in there at the time.  I cannot express how poorly we were treated.  I will never go here again.  I would rather deal with the long lines at Joe's than the horrible customer service here even if there was no wait."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b56323ff0),"My husband and I had a wonderful evening at Eddie's House this past weekend.  We were seated in a very nice table on the patio. The server was accommodating, but not overbearing. And the food....ah, the wonderful food! I knew it was going to be great when I tasted the fabulous bread with pesto butter. The bread actually reminded me of my grandmother's fresh baked...some of the best! Once the appetizer came, I began to realize that Eddie's was turning out to be my new favorite restaurant. Mo' Rockin' Shrimp cannot be missed! And the entrees were unbeatable! I had a fish entree and my husband had the meatloaf. Both were perfectly prepared. And I love the idea of the ""half entree""; it allowed us to order an appetizer, entrees AND dessert and not leave the table overstuffed. It was a perfect evening. Yes, this is my new fave restaurant. We can't wait to go back....my husband and I have already decided what we'll order for next time!"
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323312),"Amanda B organized a UYE for Dim Sum here today.  They do Dim Sum from a menu instead of carts and it works really well.  They also have a picture menu to look at with many of the items on it so folks like me can have a better idea what to order just by picking the picture of stuff they liked on a prior trip.  We were pretty much the only folks there for quite a while and we had the full attention of the staff.  Not all of the staff is fluent in English but I can only recall that being a problem with the tea.  I liked my choices a bit better this time, experience helps, and Marian H was helping me with sauce pairings as there were several to choose from.I almost gave them a 4 but for the restroom.  The fixtures had a lot of corrosion around them and in general the restroom showed a lot of wear.  I flushed the urinal and was washing my hands and it seemed like the running water was very loud, I looked over at the urinal and the valve had stuck and the place was indeed flooded.  I beat on the valve with my fist until it rocked back but by that time the floor was quite deep in water.  I mentioned it to the hostess and they had someone in there with a mop quickly.I would definitely go back here again."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323532),"Have not been there in a while.sorry I came back, Place smell like Pine Sol real bad! Bearly no meat on the Gyro pita no dressing on the Greek salad."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323d3f),"The concept of this place is pretty neat, but I didn't have the best experience here. The ordering process is a little confusing and I didn't see any signs that said they were cash only. I had to go to the ATM then stand in the long line again. Once you order, they tell you to wait for your number to come up on the board. The number board is inside the dining room near the ceiling and it's hard to find! I had the mushroom and sausage pizza. It wasn't bad but could have used more sauce. I had a glass of red wine which was served chilled....I would give this place three stars but there were little bugs crawling on the table. ewwww!!!!!We really enjoyed the organ player and would have stayed longer, but there were too many kids. This is a cool place to check out but watch out for creepy crawlies...unless you want them on your pizza."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323c6b),"11/02/10Had an amazing happy hour, complete w/ dessert, here today!  Started off w/ red wine, an Apple salad, and Tuscan cheese board, and ended w/ a chocolate almond cake!  Service was quick and efficient, although it could've been a bit friendlier...  Don't know why they keep it so dark indoors-- 4:30p and it felt and looked like it was two hours later!I've had the Apple salad a few times before, so it's a fave when I dine here.  It's the first time I've had the cheese board, though, and I loved it!  On the dinner menu for $9.95, it only cost me $6 during happy hour and was comprised of an aged goat, a pecorino, and a gorgonzola dolce, a garnish of apricot jam, some apple slices, red grapes, and bread rounds.  The gorgonzola was the creamiest of the three, and the most pungent-- LOVED it!  The aged goat was semi-soft, was easily spreadable on bread rounds, and paired well w/ the apricot jam the best.  The pecorino was the hardest of the three cheeses, the saltiest, and paired well w/ the granny smith apple slices and red grapes.  A well-rounded platter that satisfied all of the basic tastes (salty, sweet, sour. and bitter), minus the umami element.  The topper of this most excellent meal was the chocolate almond cake!  Alternating layers of almond-scented and chocolate cake, w/ layers of chocolate ganache between each cake layer, and then topped w/ more chocolate ganache, plus warm ganache on the plate, and sprinkled w/ toasted almonds!!  The almond cake layers were my favorite, as they definitely had the essence of almond throughout-- the chocolate layers didn't have any almond flavor at all.  I checked.  And checked again.  Nope-- the wonderful almond-goodness I enjoyed was in the light cake layers!  The warmed chocolate ganache and crunchy toasted almonds just sent me over the moon!  I'm so giddy now just thinking about it!The photos included don't do this meal great justice.  BTW, I loved the cake so much, I ate that much AT THE TABLE.  I polished the rest off on the ride home!  :D"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325815),"Ok, so last night I had the munchies and decided to finally try this place... and I'm glad I did.  I really didn't know what to expect.  Mexican hotdogs really doesn't happen in my family.  I asked what the hotdog comes with and they said bacon, beans, cheese, onions, mayo and tomatoes.  So, I ordered everything but the mayo (mayo on a dog?).  The hotdogs comes in this amazing bread (it's not a hotdog bun).  The flavors were great together but it seemed like it was missing something... next time I'm getting the mayo.  Plus, they have these other types of salsas you can add and I should have added that. I'll be back soon but next time I'm gonna mix it up."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b56324531),"You know...I kind of wanted to think this place was weird, but it wasn't.  The lunch special (even available on the weekends which is AWESOME) is totally worth the money.  Where else can you get 2 large slices and a drink for $5?! I mean...come on! Great value, great taste, worth the trip."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b56324299),"As you may have read in a previous review, so graciously provided by Dally, that Four Peaks is our post-Tuesday night hockey watering hole. We normally show up stinky and limping or in some sour mood or another. Somehow we always leave a little happier, but still limping, well I do anyway. Unfailingly, we are greeted by the bouncer, who no longer cares to see our ID's, either because he can see the age in our strides or because he knows us now. I would like to believe the latter. Also, waiting for us is the lovely and nicht so talented Karina. Bless her poor soul for putting up with our asinine questions about her life and our requests for more water. She humors us anyway. We are made to feel like this place is home, at least for a couple of hours on a Tuesday night. Karina knows what we order for drinks and never has to ask, just brings. I usually switch between a simple salad with a great balsamic vinaigrette or a plate of fries. I know, diametrically opposed. Just depends on the mood and how committed I am that day/week to my diet. I always get the 8th St Ale though. It is very good and for 3 bucks can't be beat. I have enjoyed the pretzels, the now ""famous"" nachos, with chicken mind you, the spinach-artichoke dip, some of the various wing flavors, and a pizza. For late night dining they are all very palatable.  I have a funny wing story, but I think it is only funny to me, Dallas, Z, and our friend Peter.  If we ever get the elusive Z to join, I will make sure he shares his story on here.Until then, check out Four Peaks in Scottsdale.  The late night menu satisfies and is not hard on the wallet.  Tell Karina Brad sent you.  You won't get a discount, maybe just a laugh."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323e71),"Jonesin' for boba, I turned to Yelp for help finding a place near the area I was running errands. Luckily I was in an area of town that I knew would have plenty of options. I picked THE STREET. Located in a strip of stores and restaurants behind a service station and sharing a lot with an Oregano's, several Asian restaurants (Korean, Chinese, Vietnamese, sushi) and a small Asian market I was impressed by the business housed here. It also sits across the street from Desert Banner Hospital. The place was busy but there was no line at the counter. I was greeted promptly but I knew it was going to take a while to decide. What impressed me is that for many of their shakes and smoothies they use the real fruit and not the premix flavor like many juice/boba shops do. Having read a bit about the diamond ice on Yelp and seeing the picture on the counter I decided on that along with a Honey Milk Tea Smoothie with Boba and Thai Tea with Boba. Yes, this was all for me! The boba was a bit over cooked and the Thai tea was a bit watered down but it hit the spot. The Honey Milk Tea was my favorite of the day. The nice black tea flavor and mild honey flavor rocked my world. [On a visit Dec 1 I picked up a banana smoothie with boba and a honey green tea smoothie with boba. Boba was cooked perfectly and both smoothies were awesome.]The diamond ice was very cool. Being an aficionado of shaved ice of many cultures (Hawaiian, Raspados, Snow Cones, etc) I knew I had to try this. It is shaved ice, topped with fresh cubed melon, pineapple, mango and strawberries. all this is then topped with small chunks of what they called ""rice cake"" which tasted like horchata flavored gummy bears, a generous drizzle of sweetened condensed milk and a dollop of sweet red beans. Next time I will order it without the red beans, while not bad it was just not my thing even though I did finish it with no complaints. I would easily travel across town to this location to get my boba fix and my maybe try a few of the restaurants in the center."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b563245d4),"Nobuo just knocked one outa the park ! Tonight was an open house and food tasting of the new menu at Nobou at the Teeter house. The place is a small historic home renovated and sits just across from Pizzeria Bianco.  The evening was $15 and we sampled everything on the menu. Is was a full house and the food kept coming. The servers passed Asian Hors'd ouvres to our tables. Every bite was succulent with the freshest of the fresh. A piece of salmon wrapped around a very special little almond drizzled with a unique basil sauce. Pork buns that melted. A square of watermelon with cap of goat cheese, refreshing ! I absoulutely loved the tasting and can't wait to go back for dinner ! This cuisine if something out of the ordinary and very SPECIAL ! This is fine dining in a cool hip place !"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b5632542b),"Very happy this place opened close to my house.  Great atmosphere with McGrath walking around the restaurant.  The menu is small but everything tasted or looked great.  The staff was very helpful and friendly.Will definitely be going back."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b563242e4),"Some might walk into Freddy's and think.. ""Hey this is like Culvers..""   Sure, they both sell burgers and custard, but I tell ya what..  Freddy's burgers are far tastier and the custard is out of this world.  How's that for an 80s commercial?I got a bacon cheeseburger with fries.  I had no idea their fries were shoestring, but I loved them even more.  You can get carried away with fries and end up stuffing yourself.  These work just right.  I added some of their special seasoning on top and went to town. Only bad thing was when I have a good burger, I can usually inhale the thing in about a minute.. the burger was gone in about 90 seconds.  Sorry! it was good!!   My girlfriend leaned over and said to me after I ate it.. ""really??""  I know..  Sue me. It was good.If I had to compare it to anything, id say Smashburger.  Which I also love.  For dessert I had a great medley of custard, caramel, chocolate and pecans.. MMmmm.. super good."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b5632534c),"First thing I have to say, is believe all the other reviews when they talk about the amount of food you will get here!  The second thing I have to say is that everything is average.  Crazy Otto's excels with service, as it is extremely quick, attentive, and efficient.  We were able to have breakfast in under 30 minutes.  That's a good thing for me.  The food however is just average at above average prices.  I got bacon, eggs, toast, and hashbrowns for my meal.  I was served a massive platter of food that I knew I wouldn't finish.  The bacon was okay, but unfortunately some parts of it were burnt.  The eggs (scrambled) were actually really good!  They were light and fluffy and very tasty.  The hashbrowns were no good.  I never get good hashbrowns unless I am at Matt's.  I was pleasantly surprised that nothing felt very greasy.  I probably won't go back because there about a million other places just like it and I would rather go somewhere new."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323d45),"Hula's is vibrant and lovely! It's most def a modern take on retro tiki. And they have two dollar mimosas for weekend brunch, y'all! That's all you need to know about brunch, which is a good thing considering it's pretty bland. We tried the Island Eggs Benedict ($10, with the kielbasa) and the Hula's Hangover Hash ($9). The eggs benedict were done very well, but nothing really sets this dish apart from one you could get anywhere else, even with the atypical meat choices. It was the Hawaiian pulled pork hash that was a total bummer on the plate. The hashbrowns were practically black in some places and mushy in others, and the pulled pork was a mass of dry, bland shredded meat. To top it off, the eggs were done over hard with no runny yolk goodness. Suck.Probably will not return for brunch, but mimosas and tacos may be in my future! The Tiki Time happy hour also shows promise."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324bda),"The drinks are cheap, so you can afford to have enough to make you sound good. The drinks are cheap, so you can afford to have enough to make other people sound good.I've heard the best rendition of RESPECT I will ever hear in my lifetime at The Grapevine.  It was sung by a straight man using a feminine voice and it was so bad it was good.  My friends sang a Spanish duet that I begged them not to sing and two people actually sang along!?  I thought that shiz was gonna bomb, but I was wrong.  You will probably be the last to sing if you are not a regular.  That would be me and so I always get screwed.  I end up singing ""I Touch Myself"" to my friends and the only other person in the room who's name hasn't been called.  If you do get the chance to sing at a peak time, drunk strangers will probably dance behind you on stage, some may even try to come up and sing along with you.  Someone will most certainly play the bongo drums in the corner, and that someone will most definitely not pay attention to the beat.Sounds fun, doesn't it?"
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b56324038),"Chinese buffets are gross things. There's a reason they're cheap, folks. So - graded on a curve - this is one of the best. Note that I'm not saying it has great Chinese food, I'm saying by the godawful standards of cheap Chinese buffets everywhere, this is one you could actually eat at once in awhile without having your Hep A vaccination updated.The positives:- HUGE variety - biggest I've seen - including Cantonese dim sum, which is a rarity and a great surprise. Big sushi bar too (but no way I'm eating raw fish at a cheap Chinese buffet).- Good turnover of customers even outside lunch/dinner hours, so the food isn't quite so dried up and gloppy relative to other buffets.Negatives:I left my iPhone on the table one day. I caught my mistake 15 minutes later, but upon my return not a soul had seen any trace of it even though my table had been cleared. The next day I used GPS to locate it - at a home about one mile from the restaurant. I called the manager, described the neighborhood, and asked if anyone in the restaurant lived in this neightborhood? I'd hate to involve the police, etc...  Lo and behold, within an hour it was determined that the ""cleaning company"" had found it in the bathroom, and the ""cleaners"" had now brought the phone back, and the ""cleaners"" had been duly chastised. Right...."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b5632422f),"Suki suki nowwww... Time for some Pho!Can you say delicious in Vietnamese?  WHO CARES?!  This place has got the best soup in town and unlike its neighbor, LoLo's Chicken and Waffles, this is healthy stuff!  I have ordered the Chicken, Broccoli, and Bok Choy Pho twice now and have no complaints.  They bring out all the fixins too... Bean sprouts, basil leaves, cilantro and lime mmm.  Rice noodles, chicken, broccoli, and Bok Choy are simmered in a mouthwatering broth sprinkled with herbs to boot!  If you haven't gone yet, you better put that fried chicken down and check yourself!"
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b563235ec),"MY favorite Z's by far! The one on mill is decent but the bloody mary bar here on the weekends is much larger! My service is always amazing and cannot help but ask for the same server every sunday, I cannot believe I have forgotten his name but he is great! The bloody nary bar is full of different tomato juices and things to put in it, and if they run out of anything they are quick to jump and get you more. The cornbread and peach muffin are my favorite, I dont even like muffins but i always ask for an extra! I also love the jalepeno bacon and always get a side of that also, SOOOO GOOD!!I have yet to come during any hour but breakfast but I must try because it is delic!"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325a35),"I spoke with the owner again - he's recently become aware of the reviews here. He even mentioned the one 3 star he got. They recently expanded into the store next door, so it's less crowded than it was before. They also added shelf space room for more wine. Great selection... I still love this place. I still have yet to buy pizza fixings to make a fresh pie at home, but I will."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b5632455b),"Had to pay $1.50 for a parking spot out front. Not a good start...12:30pm on a Friday and there was no line. Another bad sign... The atmosphere was bright, urban hipster. That's cool. The service was prompt and friendly. Lots of goodies in the display case. Yay! Things are looking up.The Blackberry Jasmine Green Tea was crisp and fresh. Only sat for a few minutes when my food was delivered and boy, did it look good!  Unfortunately, that's where the good part ends...It may have been the prettiest Tuna Melt I've eaten in a long time but it was also one of the worst. I used five napkins--FIVE!--to sop up all the dripping mayonnaise from this tuna salad that was spewing all over my plate/side salad/table/lap. Yuck. When are restaurants going to learn that you only put enough mayo in tuna salad to hold the ingredients together??? I'm sorry, but if you hold up a tuna sandwich and it all drips out, you've done something wrong. Such a shame because it really did look pretty on the plate... I was even more disappointed to find that they drenched the side salad in WAY too much balsamic dressing, so I abandoned that completely.And the final nail in the coffin was the ""Ncounter"" signature dessert which is a combination brownie/oreo/chocolate-chip cookie. It was $4 and I only took one bite. SO DRY! Ugh.I had wanted to try them again for breakfast sometime but I really doubt that I will."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b563251cd),"Very good for vegan restaurant.  Prices are a little high, $11 for a large wrap, but very big and worth it!I actually sat down and looked at the menu and thought to myself ""i really feel like a burger"".  I was very impressed when my wrap came and it had great flavor.  If you are in to eating healthy, definitely give this place a try!"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325b2d),I just got the BEST cake ever from Butter and Me! I have had many of these out of this world cupcakes but this one is special and wonderful.
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b563258de),"Finally made my way to Fattoush and I have to say ""mmm mmmm good!"" Not since my old neighbor, a refugee from Iraq, moved out have I had I experienced such robust flavors combined with healthy food. Lord I miss that man!!!So yeah there isn't much of an atmosphere, the pictures don't really fit in the molding that was hung to frame art, but does that effect the food? Absolutely not! Physically, not much has changed since this place was the Green Leaf Cafe which was the predecessor to the Persian Garden. Except that the food here is less on the fusion side of Mediterranean flavors and more middle-eastern authentic Iraqis with a little Jordanian thrown in.I love that you start out with the green lentil soup or salad with every meal. The name of the restaurant actually comes from said salad, which is a mix of romaine, tomatoes, cucumber, mint and toasted triangles of pita bread, covered with a tart balsamic vinegar dressing. But the soup is where it's at. It's unlike your average lentil soup - smooth and creamy, with bits of pasta. Very mild. It's a nice homey touch which is really what this food is all about. And that homey touch comes naturally, as the two main staffers are brother and sister. Their mom often helps out in the kitchen (and dad is busy cooking in Scottsdale).When we arrived there were just two tables with guests, so we had our pick of eating spots. And there were a steady stream of people coming in for take-out throughout our visit. The menu is actually quite large considering their kitchen is about the size of my bathroom. On this visit, my sis and I decided to sample as much as we could to get a feel for the place. She was a little iffy as she had never had this kind of food, but once the dishes started rolling out, she quickly became a fan. We started with the fava beans, mixed with olive oil, garlic, and lemon. Main courses consisted of the Falafel Plate which comes with warm pita, hummus, pickles, and tomatoes and Chicken Shwarmas which were spiced perfectly and had juicy - dare I say succulent chicken. We topped the meal off with some freshly made baklava and rolled our way out to the car for our trip home.Just after the soup course, a large Ford taxi pulled up and out of it piled out 8 full grown (some more fully grown if you get my drift, than others) ME men. It was sort of like the proverbial clown car... I mean seriously I didn't know you could get that many men in one car. They headed straight for the table next to us and then things really started to pick up. Four of them ordered Lamb Kuzi and the rest all got something different. Let me just say that my sister had to hold me down because their food all looked so good. Their table was literally crammed full of dishes with smells so good that I swear my nose grew just trying to get a better whiff!Our meal came to $25  but in retrospect, we really didn't need all three dishes and could have easily gotten out of there for about $16. Service was attentive, food was phenomenal (and healthy - how often do you find that?!!), and it's only .5 miles from my house. This is probably the best ME food that I've had at a local restaurant and the place would definately warrant the coveted 5-stars on the food alone, but the afore mentioned atmosphere knocks it down one. It may have taken me years to get over to Fattoush, but it won't be long before my next visit! That Kuzi is calling me!!!"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b563250ce),"!!!!!!! ***  O M G ......So GOOD  ***   !!!!!!!My family & I keep coming back to this place. We drive over 10 miles to get our fix. I think it's safe to say that we are officially hooked, and when we are jonesin for Tacos Atoyac there better not be anyone or anything standing between us and our Food!Today we all came aways lickin our chops and yummy in our Tummy. I might not brush my teeth tonight!Here's what we had:~ I had scrambled eggs with chorizo (dry), cheese, onions, potatoes, and Jalapenos. Served with side of refried black beans and spicy rice, and a little plate of grilled onions (sweet & tastey) and jalapenos.~ The little woman had a Spicy burrito:al  pastor, cheese, onions, jalapenos, mayo, avocado, ~ The kid had 5 mini carne asada tacos with cheese."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323efb),"Perhaps one would consider me 'spoiled,' 'high maintenance,' or 'snobby' in regards to my standards for good food (and possibly in regards to several other personal attributes, but that's besides the point..). Having lived in Boston for many years, a city with greater ethnic diversity than Phoenix, I became accustomed to delicious and authentic Indian food. I had my pick from a number of excellent choices in Somerville, Cambridge, Brighton, South End, and the Back Bay..but here in Phoenix, the pickings are slim. But good news! I have found my spot for Indian food in the Valley - Royal Taj. It is located in a shopping plaza in a shady-ish area of Tempe, but don't let that deter you from savoring the delicious flavors of India. The restaurant is a true family affair. If you've ever had the pleasure of knowing Indian parents, you'll just love the owners. Service is fast and friendly, and the atmosphere is homey. You'll hear the main proprietor calling out your order across the room to the kitchen, and soon enough, you'll have amazing food on your table.Their menu is excellent, with a wide array of naan, tandoori, masala, curries, biryani, and saag. I thought their mango lassi was excellent - not too thick, not too thin, and bursting the sweet taste of mango. For dinner, they start you with these spiced crisps and dipping sauces, which surprisingly did an excellent job of whetting my appetite. The garlic naan was very good - I ate the entire order on my own! We ordered tandoori chicken and kahari chicken. The tandoori chicken arrived on a sizzling dish and was just beautiful. I thought its flavors were great and the half-serving was more than enough for one person. The karahi chicken was delicious and had just the right spicy kick. The basmati rice was aromatic, plentiful, and perfectly done. After dinner, they serve gulab jamun - sweet, sticky fried dough-like balls. Yum! Even my leftovers were amazing two days later! Next time I'll definitely try a masala, and maybe come in for the lunch buffet. I still miss the diversity and options that Boston presents, but I have to say I am very happy to have found a really great place here in Tempe. Royal Taj is just what I was looking for."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b563245cb),"After spending the morning at the Phoenix Indian Medical Center, I typed into my cell phone ""Where is a unique place to have lunch near the Phoenix Indian Medical Center?"" and sent the text to KGB (542542). As we ventured into the hot sun, I recieved my answer...Sacred Hogan Navajo Frybread*ding!* one of the few Native American resturants in the city that I HAVEN'T reviewed yet!! Let's go!! After lunch plans with one of my favorite Navajos fell through - I guess a Navajo Taco would suffice! :P We entered the blue and white tiled room and were met by a very tired Navajo girl who spoke of problems with the DMV throughout our meal. We sat down and took it all in, the small glass case with bottles of hot sauce, pottery and earrings for sale; the pepsi frige that held nothing but Shasta soda. Uber rez! lol and the lack of a public restroom (BOO!!)I ordered a double Navajo burger and my mom got the Pima Taco (beans are crushed  as opposed to the Navajo tacos where the beans are whole) and two teas. We sat down and waited for our tea, which, to our annoyance, didn't come until our food did. We asked for ketchup and salsa and the hot sauce was NOT good. I have no idea what the heck that stuff was... but it wasn't cute. They would've been better off opening up a can of El Pato or Tapitio than dispensing that stuff. I think it was bad. The ketchup was good though! :P The food itself... was meh. Nothing great. I didn't really read the menu, or I would have noticed that the burgers come with roasted green chilis... something I'm not a fan of... but I chose to just go with it and eat it anyway. The chili brought a nice kick to things. The burger itself was just a burger, it needed something... like CHEESE! I love cheese! :P The bread was kind of tough... and obviously Navajo... made with the superfind Blue Bird Flour which is like GOLD in the Navajo Rez... women LITTERALLY make dresses out of their cloth Blue Bird Flour sacks! And I could tell they used powdered milk in their recipe, when the edges are significatly thick it's the milk reacting to the hot oil. When the dough is fried when fresh... it creates an awesome fluffy affect... but at Sacred Hogan, there were cracks and flakes on one side of the bread which means that the dough was left out in the elements and not kept covered and moist... which is kind of gross... the dough gets hard and when fried creates these little tiles that are hard and the rest of the dough loses moisture which makes the bread lose its flaky goodness. My mom wasn't thrilled with her Pima Taco... as a Pima, I guess she oughta know what its supposed to be like! She said it was okay, but the salsa made it not so good. She prefers the light crispiness of FBH, so do I. the ONE thing I like about this place is their lunch special... they will make half a taco, of your choice... for $5!! That's pretty rad! To my yelpers, I say skip this place. The tables were dirty and grimey and not in a good way... where its part of the ambiance, like Carolina's. The staff stared at us the entire time we ate and complained about their personal problems. The food took over 20 minutes to make and the worst food crime... they brought back the MONSTROSITY that is the Indian Dessert!!WTF?! No one eats like this on the rez!! NO ONE!! If you want to loose some toes, eat this fucking thig! A whole frybread, topped with a scoop of ice cream, chocolate syrup and cinna-sugar! That is disgusting... i'm sorry. it's gross! These flavors cannot possible be good!! If you want a nice dessert, JUST get a plain bread with EAITHER honey OR powdered sugar!! GEEZ!To answer Mr. K's question... The FBH uses a simpler recipe of flour, salt, baking powder & very hot water. It's hyper use of baking powder creates it crispiness... and Navajos are not as liberal with their baking powder and some use powdered milk which creates a thicker more rich frybread. Both tribes typically use crisco veggie oil or shortening to fry their bread in, but some of the old timers still prefer good ol' fashioned lard! Navajo frybread is usually smaller in diameter, where as O'odham bread is usually larger, but thinner... ummm... think of Navajos as the chicago deep dish of Frybread... and O'odham as the New York thin crust of frybread!"
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b5632487a),"Fine. Just fine. C+/B- average-- all around.    The decor was rustic and lodge-like, yet still open and modern.  No complaints here-- aesthetically pleasing and lacking the bright colors and loud mariachi music of more traditional Mexican restaurants.  The table we were sat at seemed to have been haphazardly wiped-- not totally clean. Our server was okay as well-- friendly enough, but seemed generally disinterested in her job and us and was not very knowledgable about the food she was serving. The food was fine.  The salsa served with the chips was totally fine-- fresh enough but not very flavorful-- a theme we would soon learn would repeat itself throughout our dining experience.  We started with the avocado egg rolls with cilantro honey dipping sauce.  These were the highlight of the meal-- the sweet sauce complimented the creamy avocado taste nicely.  My only qualm here was the $10.50 price tag for 2 standard sized egg rolls.  Seems a wee bit steep for what it was, but still very tasty.  I ordered the vegetarian tacos and they were good-- not wow, but good.  I appreciated the variety of vegetables and the fact that they had veggie tacos in the first place (many more standard Mexican restaurants do not).  I do wish they'd had more spices. The side of rice was pretty good, but not as flavorful as I'd like.  The veggie tacos are also served with some sort of pickled cabbage onion slaw (because the borracho beans that accompany the other dishes are cooked with bacon).  The slaw was also fine.  In general the food was acceptable, but a bit bland.  I should also mention that the portions are quite reasonable-- two smallish veggie tacos and a bit of rice and slaw.  Sometimes the portions as more traditional Mexican restaurants are absurdly gargantuan-- it was nice to see a normal sized and relatively healthy-seeming Mexican(ish) meal.Full disclosure here-- our visit to Black Chile was prompted by a card we'd received in the mail good for $20 off any meal.  So we figured it was worth a shot-- and it was, but maybe not a return visit.  Our bill (pre-discount) for the appetizer, 2 entrees, and two sodas came to $40.  If it wasn't at the Biltmore, I'd say it was a little steep, but considering its location, it's probably right on.  I'd go back if the food had wowed me, especially since it's in my neighborhood, but it didn't, so a repeat visit isn't likely.  There are enough solidly 4 and 5 star places in the vicinity that 3 stars doesn't generally make me a repeat customer."
ObjectID(5165b71d74c3068b56325fde),"NO.  Don't go. Don't do it.  This was my first visit and it was on a whim because we drive by it often.  One other reviewer here made a wise statement - go the grocery store and buy frozen fish.  I promise it will be better than this."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b563249c3),"My man loves beer, but we both hate bars. That's why this classy little beauty less than a mile away from our house was a definite must-try. Let me begin the review by letting you know, up front, that we really enjoyed everything about the place. Minimal complaints! We visited Sonora on a Friday at around 7:00...there were a few parking spots left in what is really a very ample parking lot for downtown Phoenix. I mean, damn! There must be at least 20 spaces. I'm a worrier and I stress out about things like, ""WHERE WILL WE PARK?!"" before I go anywhere. I know...I know. So, I was pleased to see that I needn't have gifted myself with an ulcer over where we could park without getting towed or ending up on blocks. Sonora Brewhouse is comprised of two buildings, joined by an outside dining area between them. The building you first walk into, (the older building, I perhaps incorrectly surmised), is small and was filled with many jovial patrons on our visit. We wouldn't have wanted to sit at the bar, but we couldn't have, anyway! It was completely full, as were almost all of the booths and tables. We made our way to the outside seating area, and were about to sit down when we noticed the second building...right on the other side of the outdoor seating. We ventured in, and it was much less full than the other building, but several times as noisy. Oh, well. We sat down and surveyed our new environs. I've read several reviews on here vaguely bashing the ambiance of the restaurant - I found nothing to complain about. Then again, I like faux exposed-brick walls and dark wood paneling. ""Duly noted."" Alright, cool. Thanks. I also liked the kind of fun, amateurish canvas paintings of the images they pair with each of their beers that are strewn about said exposed-brick walls. Plasma TVs abound, which I hate, but I know people eat that technology crap up so I guess it's worth mentioning. Our waitress was just friendly enough, avoided all bitchiness, and was on top of things without being obnoxious. In other words, perfect. My boyfriend ordered the pale ale, (I think it's called The Stinger? Something like that?), and I, not a beer drinker in the slightest, decided to throw caution and personal preference to the wind and have a Vanilla Porter. Because, you know. It would taste like vanilla. And...vanilla is for girls. Like me. That don't drink beer. My boyfriend chuckled at this logic, and told me I wouldn't like it and that I didn't know what I was ordering. ... Yep. Just about right. As far as beer goes, I did like the kind of bitter and still beer-like hint of baked goods flavor, but it was not anything like I cluelessly imagined. I still drank it! My boyfriend really enjoyed his pale ale with no criticisms. My boyfriend ordered the Tavern Steak with steamed vegetables and steak fries, and I ordered the Santa Fe Chicken Sandwich with the kettle chips/chipotle ketchup. We were both very pleased with our entrees...the jalapeno butter (?) on the steak is pretty tasty. As for the sandwich, I'll eat anything if it is slathered in guacamole. The steak fries were as good as steak fries ever are, and the kettle chips are as good as all of the other reviews have told you. I don't eat potato chips and I hate ketchup, but I loved the combination here. Fun tip: I tried putting some of the chipotle ketchup on my sandwich, and it tasted really gross. Maybe limit your use of the ketchup to its intended, menu-endorsed purpose. When we were done, we had no problem getting the bill, paying the bill, and getting out. The parking lot was completely full when we left, and there were two cars jockeying for our spot. That was probably around 8:00 - 8:30 PM, so if you're a damaged individual like me who finds cause to stress about parking, go earlier than that. There were a lot of other options on the menu that sounded like they might be on the ""delicious"" side. If you are like us, and not into the drama-filled 20-something bar scene downtown, this might be a nice alternative. It's so close, and we were both really down with the experience...we will definitely be back."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325284),"So I've been to Christopher's at the Biltmore many times, and couldn't wait to check out the new space.   I'm a fan of the food - at least at the old space on the east end, upstairs, at the Biltmore shopping center.   This location.  Eh?   Very trendy... slick surfaces.  But - okay forgive me I just get SO DISTRACTED by bad architecture it impacts my restaurant reviews.   First, the HUMONGOUS door.   Um, has anyone heard that the latest trend in architecture is BEING GREEN?   So let's install a door where pretty much all the A/C (or heat in winter) can get sucked out of the room each time a new person walks in or out.   (So, right off the bat I subtract 1/2 star for the ridiculously ostentatious and eco-unfriendly door.)   Then, the layout.   Bar to the left, check.  Restaurant to the right - sorta.   A long thin line of tables around the open kitchen.  Awkward layout.  Minus a quarter star.    Service good.  Food good.   But that layout again... sitting there feeling like I'm under surveillance by the staff at all times, ugh.   And it's waaaay too cold in there - oh they must have to keep it colder so that when that big door opens and all the A/C goes outside it can recover quickly, oh yeah.    So then I need to go to the restroom after all that iced tea..... uh.... very fancy uni-stalls - can't blame them for the need to have these superlarge stalls I guess because it's required by the ADA.... but then how do they get away with the absurdly ridiculous unisex, out-in-public ""SINK"" - if it can be called a sink.   So you're done with your business and you are now out among the public to wash your hands and adjust your makeup - ladies, do we want to do that IN PUBLIC?   Methinks not either.  But at this trendy-gone-bad restaurant restroom, the ladies on one side of a big mirror wash their hands over some pebbles with an automatically-activated sprinkler system that serves up enough water for a lineup of maybe 6 or 8 people at a time.  Again, people - we live in the middle of a DESERT.   Water is precious.   And yet here at Christopher's it is triggered to run freely to wash my hands (again, IN PUBLIC) longer than I need and over about a 6 foot wide area.  I just measured my hands and they are only 8 inches wide.People can disagree about the food - I find it delicious.  I particularly love the grilled salmon and I've had wonderful fresh soups at Christopher's.   At the old location I had many joyous meals and celebrations.  But this new location has just left me flat.   I won't be back unless dragged there by others."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324ea6),"I LOOOOOOVE RESTAURANT MEXICO!!!  I grew up in Tempe and have been going to Restaurant Mexico for as long as I can remember, at all of its various locations over the years.  It is, without question, my favorite restaurant in Arizona, and the best Mexican food out there.The wait staff is so nice and has worked there forever.  The food comes out super fast and is always hot.  And most importantly - DELICIOUS.  Their enchiladas are amazing - with queso fresco (not gross yellow cheese) and green tomatillo sauce... oh man.  So good.Now that they're back on Mill, the location is great.  I can't recommend this place enough.   Go, you won't regret it!!!"
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323563),"Huge portions, excellent quality and great prices!  One of the best sushi restaurants in the valley!  Not the most exciting atmosphere, but don't let that stop you from going!"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b5632578e),"LOVE IT!  Drip is a FAB place!The service was generous & friendly.  Coffee & treats? Delish! Free wi-fi and many easily available electrical plugs make it a hot  meeting place.I met one of my clients there for the first time  2 weeks ago - we enjoyed it so much - we are going back again this week.The owner Gina Madrid is as hip & gracious as they get.  Gina introduced herself & made us feel right home.   Mod decor.  Mad good cookies.  My cup of Joe!  Definitely worth the trip to Drip!"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b563251ce),"My GF and I fluttered over to the WCG the other night.    I was informed that WCG is ""reallllly good but kinda pricey"".  Pshaw, I laugh in the face of pricey... (except at Mastro's, then I cry like a little girl).  Walking in, I noticed the  oustide of the place was modern and lemmie tell ya, I like modern.  Well lets say modernish...yeah.  Before we took the plunge inside, I decided to read the gilded framed menu suspended next to the entry door;  while I was reading at least 2 different blue hairs going in had to stop and tell me how FABULOUS the food was .  Hook , line and sinker.  I mean, if you can't believe the old farts, who can you believe?This place is kinda dark inside. Not deliverance or deer hunter dark, but ""I need a night light"" sorta dark.  I agree with the other yelper, this place is a nap-danger for adults.  Soup should be served sparingly inside to prevent table drownings.  It was rather nice inside though, I liked it.. just dark.  The booth was nice and squishy too, just the way i like em'.I had the 6 oz filet, and my dahlin' had the crab cakes.  Both were quite tasty, but my mashed 'taters were kinda sub par considering the price tag. (why are masheds so ignored?? WHY??)  Granted we orderd off the date menu, a fixed price bastard that let us choose 1 app, 2 salads, 2 entrees, and 1 dessert to share.  I'd bore the crap outta you if I went into details about every course, but they were all good in a passable kinda way.  I'm writing this review aren't I?Irony upon irony, the desserts you could pick from on said ""date"" menu, even though ALL desserts are listed at the same price, did not include the white chocolate cheese cake.  Black flagged again.  I even tried to substitute and the staunchly refused.  I will get even with them I swear.Synopsis (sp?)not bad, but once again AZ has introduced me to another restaurant that I don't want to frequnent often if I don't have too.  I really wanted to love WCG, but I think I'll stick with TGIF's."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b56324020),"I prefer the sushi here above most other sushi places in town like Ra, or Kona. Tastes fresh, creative rolls, tasty drinks, great environment for happy hour with coworkers, or a fun date. Good deals for happy hour, though the rolls I like the best never seem to be in special- boo!Tip- duh- sake bombs!Tip- the lollipop shaped sushi"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325270),Needed to get out of the West Valley last Saturday and decided to put on the pretense of being productive at Copper Star. It was very quiet and laid back. I sat on the purple couch for 4 hours and savored every drop of my latte. AND double bonus for being within walking distance of the Fry Bread House. Perfect lazy Sat afternoon!
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b5632422f),"if you love dropping large amounts of cash and getting appetizer sized portions, then this is your place.  very cool artsy asian-fusion decor, the owners are very attractive and welcoming.  food tastes great and you won't be stuffed to the gills or bored with eating the same thing all night.  it reminds me of the sample carts at costco haha.go there if you want to look cool in a stylish place ;)"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324acb),"I love, love, love this cafe!  The atmosphere is close to perfect.  In fact, I lunched there today with a professional photographer, and she was so impressed, she asked Chris (Chef/Owner/Proprieter) if she could return for a photo shoot, to which he obliged.The food was beautiful (as always), cooked to perfection (as always), and a wonderful new combination of foods (as I have come to expect).I continue to tell everyone I know about this place!"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324bc7),"If you are looking for a simple, moderately priced, fresh place to eat where parking is not too much of an issue at lunchtime, this is a good bet... The staff is friendly and open to you altering the menu items.  The salads and sandwiches are tasty and portion sizes are just right.  I am excited to go back for breakfast sometime soon.  Just one warning... the atmosphere is not much.  Acacia Cafe is located in a strip mall and it's clean, but not too much unique inside.  Go for the food if you are looking for something fresh and simple - do not go for the atmosphere or with extremely high expectations..."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323e54),"Only tried their lunch menu so far.  $11.47 for Brisket sandwich, 2 sides and their smallest soda(size=large) + tax. Great brisket, fair prices, and generous portions.  Very tasty and stands well without the sauce.  I found the Smokey sauce the best flavor of the three offered but it also tastes a bit too salty.  I found I enjoyed lunch without the sauce and that is exactly how it is served - saucless.  My two sides were the Sweet Potatoe Fries and Potato Salad.  Both were 2 thumbs up but you get more fries than potato salad.  If quantity counts, then weigh that in.  Lunch was a bit crowded and seating was tough to come by.  Every server there seemed concerned that we would enjoy our visit.Bottom line: I'll be back and it is worth seeking out.  Really want to try their Pork next!PS - Gotta pay attention to find it.  Look for the coffee shop facing Deer Valley Road, with the Green sign that mimics Starbucks.PoF is located adjacent and behind that."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b56323ff2),Its Cuban and fun.  Where else are you going to get Cuban food?
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325591),"I've been coming here for the last 3 years and have to say it always delivers.  The drink specials are addicting, the food is way beyond what you'd expect at a bar, and the scene on weekends is packed full of people looking to kick back after a long week's work, relax, and have a good time.  Highly recommended!"
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b5632456f),"Pre-Review Note to New Yorkers: We KNOW. We GET IT. There is no good pizza outside of NY. I agree. Moving on...I am a true NY'er (Strong Island represent!) and a true pizza snob. I usually dislike all pizza that isn't made in New York. But actually, I'm kind of down with this place. So it isn't anything like NY Pizza. Big deal. The overall food and service is still pretty good.I like NYPD Pizza because you don't have to order pizza in order to have a good meal. The salads are great. My fave is the Chelsea Salad. The Italian Wedding Soup is also very good. The pastas are pretty good and I'm not really into tomato sauce. The only thing that is truly disappointing is the dessert. They make Gennaro Zeppolis - which are like my favorite thing ever - but at NYPD the zeppolis are kind of hard and stale and not delicious and fluffy like in NY. So boo for that.The Pizza is okay. Maybe even very good. Yes, New Yorkers are going to hate on it and call it crap, but the rest of you should go and enjoy. Tell them Jenny from the block sent you."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b563241dd),"I tried this place after finding it via Yelp while in AZ on business.  It's in an industrial area which is awkward, but I trust my fellow yelpers.Per recommendations from a bunch of yelpers about the California Eggs Benny, I got that.  Soooo many people said it was the greatest eggs benedict EVER.  I am kind of an eggs benedict connoisseur, and let me tell you people, this was NOT the best eggs benedict I've ever had. It was ok, but nothing to write home about or try twice. It's an ok breakfast joint, but their tables are small, so it's annoying for a group because you feel claustrophobic with all of the crap on the table.  Eh."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323df2),"Fantastic!!! We had a very big table for a family dinner on Saturday. Samanda was our waitress and she KICKED ASS! We devoured everything... including cheesecake for dessert. The Burger here is 100% my favorite thing on the menu. The steaks were fantastic, but the bone marrow was a bit scary. My veggie chopped salad was massive and very good... but the dressing might be an acquired taste. The tuna tartar and crab cakes were tasty appys! However, nothing... and I mean NOTHING can come close to the popovers. I wish I could just get a glass of wine and a popover for dinner. Seriously thats all i need in the end. Dont be a no carb bitch and turn these down. They are worth every single ounce of delish. *** I googled them, less than 300 calories for the whole thing***  Again, worth every single one. The outside atmosphere is just perfect here. BIg fireplace and lots of nice people to enjoy the sunset with. Cant go wrong!"
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b5632386b),"Continuing my quest to conquer all frozen yogurt shops in the Valley and now I can cross Yogurt Builderz off my list! This could be one of my favorite fro yo shops because the yogurt is incredibly creamy and they actually have normal size cups for filling. Yes they also have the over-sized cups that could feed a small army, but they also have the normal sized (old school) cups that's the perfect size. The frozen yogurt is delicious and par to other frozen yogurts out there. They have a wide variety of flavors including tart and savory. I choose the cookies and cream and Vanilla and topped it with my favorite accessory, cocoa pebbles! Not only does it bring back plenty of childhood memories, but they are low cal and they never get soggy in the fro yo. The shop itself is sparse and serves its purpose of providing great frozen options. They have a decent amount of seating on the patio in addition to a little bit inside. I will definitely frequent Yogurt Builderz again and again! They also offer frequent shopper punch cards!"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324aab),"I finally talked my husband, the picky eater, into going to Palatte for breakfast.  I was pleased to discover that they now have a wait staff to come to your table and take your order.  Well, I was pleased until I got my food.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't anywhere near as good as I remembered from my first visit.  My husband's scrambled eggs were slimy and my potato mish mash had a puddle of uncooked egg slime underneath.  The side of potatoes was barely browned, if at all, and my bread seemed a bit dried out and not toasted.I'm wondering if the owner's had to forego quality in the kitchen to appease the whiners who didn't want to stand in line.  If so, I say get rid of the waiters, I'd gladly stand in line for better quality food.At least the prices are still decent."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325c4e),"About as good as it gets for Chinese buffet: Fresh food, dishes that don't make you go ""ewwww . . . what the hell is that doing here???"", real sushi made fresh, mongolian BBQ, a nice full bar, decor that's modern, sleek and clean combined with friendly and efficient service-- All for less than $10 at lunch. I'm in CentPho but still think it's worth the drive."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324c5d),"I've been to the Famous Dave's by the Chandler Mall a few times and thought it was just ok.  I was not a fan.  However, I was very surprised that this location was way better in every way from the one I was used to.  Better food, better service, and better decor/ambiance.  I don't know how two places from the same franchise can be so different but it totally changed my opinion of the whole chain.  The food was very tasty, all of us at the table really liked our barbecue.  The server took the time to explain the different sauces to us and even drew a little design as she squirted them onto the plate.  She was on top of everything and very friendly even though the place was pretty packed.  This location has a real open feel to the dining room so it was a bit noisy but overall a fun, lively atmosphere.  I will definitely return and hope to try other locations as well."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b5632391f),"It goes by many names. Boba tea, bubble tea... Well maybe just two names. It's really the texture that's more up for debate. Melty gelatinous gummy balls that are sproingy on the teeth is one way to describe it. Black phlegmatic chunks of mucous laden smokers lung is another. It's all about perspective.I happen to like the gooey little pearls that collect at the bottom of milky green tea, and Eba Cafe is the best place in the valley to indulge. They used to be located just north of ASU and I would pop in before classes, until one day they vanished without a trace. I was adrift without my convenient bubbly study break fare, but as fate would have it, I was stuck in gridlock on Broadway and what should mine eyes behold? A bright red ""Eba"" in a strip mall across from the dairy plant. What a sweet reunion it was! Jelly goodness afloat in milky green or black tea with one of thirty-some possible flavors added! The black and green tea are traditional stand-bys, but if you're feeling daring, try the wintermelon tea. It has no sugar added but the natural sugar is so incredibly potent that I couldn't finish a thimble full sample without experiencing the puckered, day-uuum-that's-sweet face. After you've chosen your tea, try to narrow down the flavor additives, red bean is a solid choice but watermelon is my ultimate trump card. Mango, taro and honeydew are also pretty tasty. Then decide if you want some kind of gelatinous goop added to your drink. They have several different types including boba and coffee jellies, which I've heard are great in, well, coffee drinks.Eba also has some light lunch and munch options if you feel like nibbling. I've had the green curry chicken bowl, which is earthy with a nice spice, but the accompanying rice was a little dried out. If you're just there for a snack, try the brick toast with coconut. Delish! They also serve gelato, but between you and me, it looked kinda nast. Eba should just stick with what it does best, wicked good tea with lovely little snot balls."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b5632591c),"Irish version of Hooters?I guess this is the type of place people will go to see young college girls in skimpy clothes, not necessarily for the food. My hubby and I went here after a baseball game to grab some food and some beer. We ordered their wings and garlic fries to share. The wings were just horrible. We asked for a mixture of their hot sauce and their sweet and spicy sauce and grilled. The waitress totally commended us for that decision and said it was sooo good. And it wasn't. It was TERRIBLE. The wings were so greasy and the sauce was incredibly lackluster. We left most of them on the plate and believe me, that NEVER happens with us and food.  The garlic fries....meh. I really think they could use some more garlic but maybe that is just my personal preference. As far as the service, the girls were very friendly. But when our food was set down, they did not bring two little plates and we were missing silver ware. We kept trying to grab someone's attention and it took forever. When we needed our check, our waitress was nowhere to be seen. Some of their beer cocktails looked pretty interesting. So now I know that this place is mainly for drinking and I will only go again if the people I am with want to go there for the novelty. The view of downtown from the second story is very nice!"
ObjectID(5165b71d74c3068b56325db0),"This is the very first time I have ever been here. I had never even heard of it before.  Nestled in a little shopping center that is half empty is Lobby's.I Ordered a regular Cheese burger with fries, Mario got a double.Less than $20.00 for both of us including the tip.What amazed me at first as we waited for our food, was how very sparkling clean the place was, Here they are cooking grease all day and the stainless steel was shiny like The Top of the Chrysler Building!Which means they fully scrub it down every night. When we did get our food it was amazing!!! Yes it was hot, fresh, and oh so good. You could see the meat had no fillers ,the tomato's were a bit unripe but other than that, it was fantastic. I wanted to save a little for the dog (to take home). But, I ate it all.Fries were also really good.  While we were there they had their meat delivery , and guess what ! It is fresh meat that will do home delivery from grain feed cattle. This place is the bomb of the Burger World. It is just as you made it at home. The staff was super good as well, very friendly and always busy."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b563251f0),"I was in Phoenix for just 2 days and managed to hit this spot up twice!!!! I really wish they had one in LA.All vegan blizzards, tons of baked goods=my paradise!My favorites were the Monsoon special (choc cake, choc chips, and choc syrup) which I added PB too and another one with pretzels, PB and chocolate chips.Can't wait to come back on my next trip to Phoenix. They have a sister veg restaurant next door that I can't wait to try too (yes I may have just eaten Tsoynamis for dinner)."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325407),"Party of 7 please.  Do you have a happy hour? Yes, handing me a placard with 6 appetizers that are 1-2 dollars off..  Ok, give me one of everything, please. I'm used to saving more than a dollar at happy hour but, the apps ARE good.Our waitress CJ then explains in Thai to my wife and daughter a couple of the dishes.  We order 7 entrees and they arrive in a timely fashion and were all quite tasty.Problem 1  The sticky rice which came with the pork dish was about the size of two of my fingers, should have been at least 4x -10x as much.Problem 2.  The rice which came with 2 of our entress was fine but, we ordered EXTRA rice and, that didn't show up until most of the main dishes were gone.  Even after asking a second and third time, it took 4-5 minutes for them to scoop it out of the rice cooker and bring it,  Not cool, guys.This is my third time here and it is ok but, 5 stars?--not."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323c98),"This place annoys me.  First off, who the heck knows how big an ounce of yogurt/toppings are?  They clearly mark their price at 39 cents an ounce for the yogurt and whatever toppings you want.  This doesn't sound like a lot, but the person in front of me in the yogurt ""buffet"" line was charged $7 for his bowl of yogurt.  I was a bit smarter and only filled up my bowl a small amount.  Anyway, they should offer you a few different bowl sizes, but I bet they are banking on the fact that people will go overboard and fill the large bowls to the brim with junk.  Lets back up a bit though.  Sometimes I enjoy tasting the yogurt before I committ to having it in my bowl.  Like at Golden Spoon (by far the best yogurt place) where they offer you a little cup which they fill up with the yogurt so you can actually try it.  Yogurtini has no such thing or so I thought.  Turns out you have to walk up to the counter and ask for a little cup because they don't feel like putting them next to the yogurt dispensers where it would actually be useful.  Anyway, a member of my party didn't know about the little cups and stuck her finger under the yogurt dispenser thing, pulled the lever, and had a taste.  It looked harmless enough until we saw several other people do the same thing with their dirty nasty fingers.Anyway, the actual yogurt and flavors were just ok but not even close to Golden Spoon.  Yogurtini does however have a good selection of toppings.  I did not partake, but if you are a drunk and/or stoned college kid with $10, I'd say have a blast and fill your bowl with yogurt, coco crispies, hot tamales, and marshmallows!"
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b5632427e),"I have yet to step foot in this place, however I don't need to in order to rate it. A friend of mine said, ""I am coming up from Tucson and Rudy's is on the way to your house I am bringing breakfast."" OK, well I'm game for anything. He brought the breakfast tacos. First its more like a breakfast burrito its big for a taco. Secondly, it was utterly amazing. Apparently they take the left over brisket and trimmings from the night before, marinate it in BBQ sauce and BAM that's the breakfast taco ingredients. I have been craving another one ever since Friday morning when I had mine.I cannot wait to go try Rudy's for dinner. I have tried Bobby Q's, Famous Daves, Dickey's, and Brian's up in Cave Creek, this was BY FAR the best I have had in the valley!! Highly recommended!"
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323aa8),"I rarely send food back to the kitchen to be cooked more and I've never had to send food back twice... until tonight.So why 4 stars? We'll get to that.When my wife and I first arrived, the place was pretty well packed. Yes, there were tables open, but the greeters were out of menus and had to wait for some to make their way back to the front desk before we could be seated. The greet staff appeared overwhelmed. When we were seated, the person who guided us to our seat (Jason?) didn't really seem to care much about what he was doing.We had to wait for a bit for a server to show up, but Amy got our drink order and our appetizer order quickly once she made it to our table. The loaded potato skins appetizer was quite good.We put in our dinner order and got our salads shortly after the appetizer arrived. And this is where things started falling apart. My wife's green salad was fine, but my Caesar salad wasn't as green as it should have been. The iceberg lettuce was turning brown.Not that we had a lot of time to consider our salads since the entrees arrived very quickly. We both had steaks and baked potatoes. The potatoes were big and fluffy and quite well baked.The steaks on the other hand... PJ ordered hers medium and I ordered mine medium well. They were both medium rare at best. Hers actually looked rare. We flagged down Amy who was surprised the steaks had shown up so quickly and so obviously undercooked. She apologized and took the steaks back to be cooked more.Chris, the manager, soon showed up to apologize for the inconvenience and to thank us for our patience. I mentioned the brown lettuce to him and he took the offending salad away. He offered to bring something in place of the salad, but I declined.The steaks came back and this time... they were maybe medium rare. Maybe. I told Amy the kitchen was making the restaurant look bad. She once again apologized profusely, seemed genuinely upset on our behalf, and took both steaks to Chris. He came by and this time started out by saying he was embarrassed. We mentioned that we'd been at the restaurant in the past and had very good experiences before, but it seemed like this was a really ""off"" night for them.He agreed that something had gone off the rails and graciously comped our meals.The steaks arrived again, but not the same ones. They cooked new steaks for us and this time they were just right. Amy stuck around to be sure as we cut into the middle of both our steaks to check them. They were flavored perfectly, cooked perfectly, and we ended up having a nice meal.Chris gets points for dealing with us both times things went wrong and for crouching down to our eye level for the second apology and taking responsibility for the mistakes. Completely comping the meals was an unexpected and welcomed gesture. He also went out of his way to make sure we understood that Amy wasn't to blame (we knew that, but it was nice to see a manager have his employee's back like that).Amy gets points for showing her concern for our satisfaction and for being just as baffled as we were over the obvious poor quality of the preparation of the steaks. Meat shouldn't be red on steaks done medium or above, and the first two were red through and through.Both of them thanked us for our understanding and for not losing our cool (yes, PJ has mellowed me that much over the years). We got Amy to laugh a bit and she got us to laugh as well by asking if she could get us an ""undercooked dessert"" with a perfect deadpan expression. She earned her 20%+ (before the comp) tip.So, even though we had an adventure of poorly timed food service, confused employees, and undercooked food, Amy and Chris went out of their way to make things right, and whoever cooked the new steaks for us showed us what we knew the kitchen was capable of doing. They screwed up, but they took responsibility and handled the situation quickly and professionally. That's why they get 4 stars for what could have been a 2 star performance or worse."
ObjectID(5165b71d74c3068b56325eee),"I liked this place so much I went two days in a row... :)The staff was definitely friendly both visits. Saturday morning it was a little slower, but that just meant that I got extra attention from the staff. The chicken was outstanding! And loved the Texas Toast that came with my order. Welcome addition to our neighborhood. (I'm pretty sure my hubby goes through their Drive-Thru often.)"
ObjectID(5165b71d74c3068b56325db0),"Lobby's is within bike riding distance from my pad which rules since I really loved the burger but a petite girl like me has to be careful about what I stuff my face with and I will be eating many Lobby burgers!I had the basic burger with bacon and fries.  The size of the burger was perfect and cooked to perfection.  I loved the slightly charred crust and the flavor was robust.  I usually add condiments to my burger but left it as is trusting that the Lobby boys would know what tastes best and they certainly did.  The lettuce was crisp and the tomato was thick sliced and firm. I am for sure going to add cheese the next time, which is something I never do, but it just seems right.  The fries were just as good, crisp on the outside, tender on the inside.  I think I have found a way to enjoy exercising more, ride to Lobbys and chow down then ride home.  Yea everyone wins!"
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b563247ac),"I'm gonna start by saying: I don't have one thing negative to say.    Love the comfortable & casual feel of it.  The menu has a variety of regular burgers and specialty burgers.  Tacos and some other tasty sounding items.   I love the homemade bbq chips."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324e39),"This is the best and most authentic Japanese food in AZ.  Toh Zan serves up the tastiest original Japanese food that I've ever tasted, even in comparison to LA's Japantown.  The restaurant is a bit small and the owner might seems standoff-ish but they are polite and nice people.I don't like to be waited on hands on foot so this actually fits my lifestyle.In the summer months, you should try their cold noodle, especially Ten Zaru (cold noodle with shrimp & veggies tempura).  My wife really like their Chicken Katsudon.  The meals generally comes with some sides (salad, miso soup, etc) and in generous portion.  The food is never oily and taste fresh.  Give this place a try and you will not be dissapointed."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b563249c4),"This place is a blast. They have a huge draft beer selection, live music, and it's huge. I used to go out a lot in Scottsdale and Tempe, back in my hay day. If you bumped into someone or somebody bumped into you, which was inevitable, the other guys seemed to always want to fight you. At Copper Blues everyone is out to have a good time, listen to great music, and have a few quality drinks. I didn't try any of their food, but the atmosphere, the drinks, and the music will definitely encourage me to come back again."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323532),"I hated Greek food, until I tried this place. My ""health nut"" girlfriend had to drag me to this place, kicking and screaming. After all, my long ago experiences with Greek food consisted of soggy grape leaves and poor little baby lambs. On my first visit, I ordered cautiously: a grilled chicken pita with French fries lunch platter. The chicken was well seasoned and the pita bread nice and chewy. It was filled with fresh tomatoes, lettuce, red onions and served with a side of delicious tzatziki sauce (refreshing cucumber yogurt). I couldn't believe how much I liked it! A few days later, I dragged my husband in, kicking and screaming like I had done before. Surprise - he loved it too. In addition to the pitas, this time we ventured out (a little bit) and ordered some different items. The Greek fries - wonderful golden crispy fries covered with both feta and Parmesan cheese and a tangy lemon mustard sauce. And the Greek salad, a tasty blend of lettuce, tomatoes, cucumber, red onions, peppers, olives, topped with feta cheese and tossed with a creamy Greek dressing. Since then, we've eaten here many times and continue to explore and expand our menu choices. So far, so good. Now it's our go-to place for healthy eating and also if we just want a fun atmosphere. There's music and often Greek dancing in the aisles and sounds of ""OPA!"" coming from the kitchen. Nothing better than to sit back with a pitcher of Sangria, a good meal, and enjoy the fun."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b56324559),"What a great pub!  Tim's has a great atmosphere, a good selection of beers and amazing food.  Every time we go we've always had great service."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324ce7),"Wonderful.  This is a cozy atmosphere with dark wood and booths.  Like a casual version of Capital Grille.  I love that they have a piano playing at night.  It is so hard to believe how healthy the food is as it is delicious and filling.  I have been here a couple of times and enjoyed everything.  One time I got the tiger shrimp and pasta which was fabulous!  The snow peas and broccoli were crisp and fresh, the tiger shrimp were huge and the flavor was phenomenal.  All of it was in the most delicious light sauce.  Another time, I split a flatbread and got the spicy tuna sushi - and that was excellent as well.   I especially love those little desserts - mmmm!  So far I have tried the peanut butter, rocky road and key lime pie and they are all exquisite.  The service is mediocre but, everything else is wonderful."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b5632552c),"I am a Chicagoan. Not the suburbs of Chicago, but the heart of the city. There are a number of things I miss about my city: Garrett's popcorn, neighbood festivals every weekend, Lou Malnati's pizza and of course my family.....not necessarily in that order. When someone says they have Chicago-style pizza I feel it is my duty to try it. There are a bunch of pizza places in Chicago that have amazing pizza and they all do it differently so there isn't just way one to make Chicago-style pizza, but Spinato's came pretty damn close. We ordered the Chicago-style with 1/2 mushroom for my man. The mixture of yellow and red bell pepper was a nice touch, most places use green bell peppers. The sauce was a bit on the sweet side, I'm not used to that. The pizza was not greasy, had the right amount of cheese and toppings and the cornmeal crust reminded me of home. I'm happy to say that Spinato's lived up to the hype."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b563253c4),"Wow! This is one of the best Chinese food places in all of Scottsdale. I have always loved Flo's (on Frank Lloyd Wright), but this might have trumped it. The ""house special salad"" is freaking incredible, the shrimp spring rolls are packed full of shrimp, the egg drop soup is the best I've ever had (loaded with veggies), and the shrimp fried rice is as good as Flo's. The couple across from us was having Kung Pao beef and string beans, I will be having that next visit. George himself thanked us for coming.This is a must try if you live in Scottsdale - they also deliver!"
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b5632333a),"I less than 3 this place. I've been more than a few and always leave smiling, full, and satisfied. The staff is friendly and fairly fast. I am not sure though how exactly one would determine that rock-a-billies as a whole would love this place. Maybe the grease from the stoves and kitchen floor? However, if you like good food and a fair beer selection this is the place for you. And they have good happy hour drink specials if you like to get really drunk. If you don't mind sitting on an unknown someone's lap then lunch rush is probably not a problem for you. Elbow room is the only thing that is lacking here. Of the ones I've tried so far the porky, lamb vindaloo, chicken tikka masala, and lamb & mint are all pretty darn good. This is making me hungry for a pasty!And the friggin' pb & j pasty is incredible!"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324d4e),"My hubby and I came here on a Saturday night because we were both starving and every other place nearby had a long wait.  That should have been a big red flag.  The food and the service were both sub-par.  Our server disappeared for long periods of time without checking on us and seemed annoyed that we were inconveniencing him by being there.  The busser kept my hubby's ice tea full but then failed to take my plate once I was done eating.  It literally sat there for the entire 20 minutes we waited for our server to bring us the check and then was still there when we left.We started with the calamari which had a great flavor, light breading, and came with two tasty dipping sauces.  However, the calamari itself was really overcooked and rubbery.  The hubby had a pasta dish which he thought was pretty good.  But it's hard to screw up a basic rigatoni and red sauce. I ordered the eggplant napoleon.  The description sounded fantastic: eggplant, portabello mushrooms, roasted tomatoes, balsamic vinegar; all my favorites.  It arrived with a beautiful presentation (see pic) so I was really excited to try this dish. The actual flavors really fell short.  Vegetables were overcooked, cheese filling was bland, and the sauce was oily.  The dish just didn't pop.Overall, I liked the cool, modern vibe of the place.  Though the electronic music got really old.  It ranged from some songs that were kind of techno jazz background music to some songs that were sort of like acid house music.  It was weird.  Other than that its a comfortable, cool place and I would consider giving them another chance if there weren't so many other better options in the area."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325bcc),"Tried a couple Tammie Coe cupcakes and a mini muffin two weeks ago... Unfortunately for them, I also sampled Ollie Cakes... No wonder Ollie Cakes, aka Urban Cookie, won Cupcake Wars and Tammie Coe sits in high rent selling pretty sugar disguised as a cupcake.Drive a few miles north, get whatever the special cupcake of the day is along with a Brown Velvet and Lemon, and save saying you enjoyed Tammie Coe for impressing snooty folk who wouldn't know yummy if it bit them on the butt!Really, the TC cakes were just cakes... No flavor, no texture, dry... And I can't say how impressed I was that the clerk shoved all my selections into one, tiny, flat bag meant for cookies or sandwiches!  Apparently presentation and flavor preservation mean nothing... As their products now do, at least to me."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323778),"Highly recommend. This is my second time here and I see #3 on the way.I've had the (bistec encebollado & arroz imperial with shrimp ""no melted cheese"") I do recommend both plates. Next time I will try (ropa vieja)Great service! Ask for Kelly."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324f09),"Oh Wild Thaiger, how I do love thee! Actually, to be more specific, how I do love pad thai. I hadn't been to Wild Thaiger in a while because I hate navigating around Central Avenue these days, but it was my co-worker's birthday and she wanted Wild Thaiger. I'm so so glad we went there, and I was double happy this afternoon when I ate my leftovers for lunch. The best thing about the pad thai at Wild Thaiger (besides that it is so good) is that there is so much I always have lunch the next day ( which is just lovely). A note for those south of McDowell trying to get to Wild Thaiger: Drive up 3rd Street and turn left on Roanoke. You'll dead end into a strip mall parking lot. Park there and walk a few steps south to Wild Thaiger. Viola! I give this place 4 stars instead of 5 because I ordered a Coke and it tasted funny ... like way too soda-watery. When I told the waitress, she sort of shrugged and said, ""A lot of people say that."" Yeah .... I had to ask, ""So, can I get something different please?""But my pathetic Coca Cola aside, it was a great lunch, and she even brought my co-worker toasted coconut ice cream in a coconut dish with a candle. How sweet!"
ObjectID(5165b71d74c3068b56325ec7),great food affordable options!
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324e0f),"Crackers & Co cafe is good, but every time I go something just isn't quite fulfilling, and I can't put my finger on it. It's not that I don't enjoy the food, or the awesome chili and tortilla soup. I guess each time I go I'm not totally satiated the way I expect to be based on what I read on the menu.Now don't get me wrong, the food is good especially the salad with pears and gorgonzola. The sandwiches are always good too, but like I said I'm always left wanting in a way that eludes me. But then I just order a lemon square and I'm perfectly pleased and all is well!"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b5632497d),"Had the best breakfast with some friends here on Saturday. The place is hip and modern, with an eclectic menu and 100's of choices. I opted for the breakfast special and was in hog heaven (ham).Oh, I also hear they offer their house burger for $3 on mondays??? Wow!"
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b56324291),"I tried a wine tasting a loved everything about the place; atmosphere, service, and wine and food were excellent. Highly recommend it!"
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323b1b),"I had never been to The Melting Pot and when the girlfriend found a coupon in the mail, she thought it'd be a fun night out.We went on a Thursday, to keep the cost ""down"" a bit. We did the Big Night Out special at $69, she had an $8 glass of wine and I had a $2.50 iced tea. The meal started with the regular cheddar cheese fondue, which tasted great. They bring out as many dippers as you want, but we exhausted the cheese in one go.Next up were the salads. I had a house salad with the peppercorn ranch which was tasty and she had a California salad, which included gorgonzola and a raspberry vinaigrette. I'm not a fan of bleu-type cheeses, but the dressing really sold it.The main course was part of their island/pacific inspired seasonal special. The platter included chicken, beef, pork tenderloin, kiwi shrimp, pasta, and ahi tuna. It didn't appear to be a ton of food, but it definitely filled us up--we even left a few pieces to spare. We had it with the coq au vin oil.Finally, we tried the bananas foster chocolate fondue, but with dark chocolate instead. Our server flambee'd the bananas and sprinkled cinnamon into the mix which made sparks. Very cool. They served strawberries, rice krispies, marshmallows, brownies, cheesecake, and pound cake. A great assortment.Our waiter was informed, helpful, and attentive. Our booth was an intimate two person right-angle type table, which was nice, but a bit claustrophobic. At the end of the day, the food was tasty but it didn't wow me. I've had amazing meals. Meals that leave you wanting to tell the story, shouting about them from the rooftops. Meals with superb presentation, wonderful experimentation, and the results of a master chef who has truly honed his craft and knows just what to put together and how best to accomplish it. I've had that for far less than $110 (tax & tip) for two people, too.The value proposition component really sticks with me here. The food was good, but it wasn't phenomenal. It wasn't life-changing. The presentation was nice, the seasonings were good, things were flavorful, but at the end of the day, I didn't leave with a sense of awe and utter contentment. I was full, and I was happy, but I expect a whole lot more when I dip into the $100/couple range for a meal.Now, to be fair, you get four courses. More than enough food. It's a romantic setting (with somewhat varied music) and they execute the concept very well. I guess I was disappointed because I want a story to tell when I spend that much money on a meal, and I didn't get one."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323cb7),"Came here for dinner two weeks ago, after first sitting down at Pappa Razzini's a few doors down.  After waiting more than 10 minutes there w/out a glass of water to pass away the time reading the menu (I couldn't find anything that piqued my interest), I decided to try my luck at Miele's, instead.  Within 5 minutes, I had already chosen my selection AND had ice-cold water in front of me!I'd already had their white pizza last year (lovely crispy thin-crust and awesome ricotta!), so I decided I'd try their penne pasta chicken alfredo, which came w/ bread and butter.  Delicious, and I'd order it again!  I also tried the tiramisu, which was served in a cocktail glass, sprinkled w/ cocoa and topped w/ two pirouline cookies!  It was light and refreshing.  Just perfect (but not really a great choice for someone w/ a new-found chocolate allergy)!I'll be back!"
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b56324432),"I came here for lunch today with a group of coworkers.  This Los Dos is pretty big and it was not packed at all for lunch.  Our server was friendly and prompt.  He brought us our chips and salsa right away which of the 2 salsas I really liked the green... It was spicy, but not too spicy.  I think over the course of our lunch I did drink a pitcher of water, but I wasn't uncomfortable or anything;).  I had the 2 ground beef taco's lunch special with a side of guacamole it also came with rice and beans.  They were your basic taco's but still very good.  One of my coworkers got the pasole and that looked pretty tasty to me.  I will definitely have to try that next time, pasole is one of my favorite soups... and it is hard to find places that make it well."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323312),"Super friendly, great service, came in just before they stop serving Dim Sum at 3:00PM on a Saturday and chef was willing to make some for us on short notice.  A picture menu and ordering of a list like a sushi menu instead of having a cart roll out to you was neat.  And the picture menu really helped out my linner partner.  So we were able to get all the dishes we wanted delivered out to our table in one go which I found convenient.  The Dim Sum was well executed, not greasy, and the price is right.   I'd rate it about the same level as House of Sifu in Chandler.   But bellow Great Wall or Golden Buda the the other 3 major Dim Sim places in the valley."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324cad),"UPDATE on alternate venue within previous review.... Havana Cafe closed down the street.... now only 2 locations in Central & Northern Phoenix. :(  makes me  sad, but you can still give Babaloos  a try for your own personal experience if you're craving Cuban cuisine."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323b80),"Bland.  My ""hot"" bean curd was anything but--had to cover it in sriracha.  My husband's hot and sour soup was nothing like any hot and sour he'd ever had (and not in a good way).  The mushrooms looked canned and the chicken in the hot & sour soup was oddly rubbery.  This place over Americanizes their food and it makes me miss east coast Chinese.  We're keeping our hopes up that we'll find ""our"" Chinese take out place in Phoenix, but the outlook isn't good if Dragon Palace is worthy of 4 stars!One up side: ridiculous amount of food for a really good price."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b563255c4),"So I'm apparently oblivious to the fact that anything with the name Joe is owned by the same person.  Luckily for me, I wasn't stupid enough to order bbq pork again.  Joe's Farm Grill is a pretty cool concept and probably the only decent place to eat on this side of the 202 (since Mobsters INC closed, at least).  There are enough review here that clearly he is doing something right.  Suburbanites love to feel like they don't live in a city and, I'm sure, love the idea of a restaurant with picnic tables and trees.  They must because the place was a freaking day care when we went, with snotty brats running all around and climbing on everything.Anyways, back to the food.  I ordered a BBQ Bacon Burger.  I didn't bother to specify how I wanted it cooked and it was, surprisingly, cooked to a decent medium-well.  I subbed some sweet potato fries with it and they were pretty good.  Little more pepper would have made them great but oh well.  The wife had wanted to sub the veggie fries with hers but they made us order a side of them.  That side was literally 3 pounds of fried veggies and was way too much for any human to consume.  They weren't really my thing but the wife enjoyed.This place does a lot of things well but they suffer from a lot of the logistical problems that Joe's BBQ does.  The line is better and it keeps people from getting backed up but they seem to run out of menus quickly.  People grab them, carry them in line, and leave them at the window.  As a result, there are no menus left when people walk in.  I refilled the thing twice while I was standing in line.  Also, the condiment/drink counter is outside and all in a row right by the door into the restaurant.  These weird clusters of people trying to get a drink or some sauce develop and creates an obstacle course for people going in and out of the restaurant.  This leads me to my final problem - the indoor pickup window.  While the summer is long and hot (and I'm sure leads to a lot of people usually sitting inside), the day we went had tons of people sitting outside.  When their buzzers went off, they had to go inside to pickup the food.  The single door seemed to be all sorts of hazardous for people going in to get food and people coming out with food.  Finally, and I know this sounds stupid, but the trash can outside has the smallest opening ever.  You cannot actually stick your plastic basket inside the trash can and turn it over to dump your food out.  You have to pick the stuff up out of the basket and throw it away with your hands.  I just finished my meal, cleaned my hands, and now I have to wash them again because I had to handle a greasy, sauce-covered piece of paper to throw it away.I know this sounds nitpicky but it turned what would normally be a 4-star peaceful lunchtime experience into a logistically stressful nightmare for me.  When you make it hard for me to get in and out with my food, it makes me feel like you don't want me there.  I know they are going to read this and I know they are going to dismiss it just like my gripes about Joe's BBQ but do me a favor, when you build your next restaurant, hire someone with a degree in urban planning to help with the layout instead of just cramming things wherever you think they will fit."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323d8d),"Fox got it right on this one.  Great location and blows Deluxe out of the water.  The food is spot on and service was great....SHort of it, for those not wanting to read the whole review - big patties that are juicy on a great bun.  No flat burgers!!!! So to break downAtmosphere:  Chill, open and good outdoor seating.  The Cow mural is pretty rad in the background..  Bar is open to both inside and outside.  Hostess was not impressive, but then again it is the hostess ( sorry girls/boys its true)  I care more about the serverServer: Fantastic, I would have hired to anything customer service related, offered suggestions and even recommended something and had the chef make.Food: menu straight forward burgers nothing funny.  The zucchini fries are great as well as there general fries.  I had the Zin burger and added mushrooms and switched out manchego to havarti.  Matthew had the breakfast burger which had a fried egg and avocado.  They offer shakes that sound great, but with a huge burger and fried I did pass.This place is solid - I recommend over smashburger and Deluxe"
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b56324163),"I love this place too!  Sure it is a chain, but everything they have is wonderful.  I mostly go there to pick up breakfast I really love the Honey-Cured Ham & Brie Frittata it has eggs, ham, brie, sauteed apples, sage and leeks, served with Wildflower Home Fries and buttered toast... so yummy.  There soups are very good and so are the sandwiches that I have tried.  As for the pasta dishes my favorite is the butternut squash ravioli... to die for!  Also at this particular location they sell certain items by the quart like their soups and meatballs with sauce and it is a good option if you are looking to make a quick pasta dinner."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b5632355e),"Food is mediocre at best.  The place was filthy, covered in a layer of dust.  They don't take credit cards and force you to use the $5 ATM.I'd give it one star, but that just feels mean."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323b6c),This is my favorite deli in the valley.  Whenever I am in central Phoenix I work my schedule around making sure that I get to eat here.  They remember my name and ask about how my family is doing even when it's been months since my last visit.  The fact that you can see pictures of generations of family working behind the counter in one place really should mean something when trying to figure out why you should eat here instead of subway or some other massive chain.  I always get the new yorker.  This is the place everyone craves in their community for lunch and it exists!
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b563244b7),"I've been here a good handful of times...close to where I stay in the area, and always someplace I am happy to go. Good food, lots of TVs with games on, fun atmosphere - but where you can still talk, nice outdoor seating with misters on those hotter than hell days, and an amazing beer list! What else do you need? I'm not even a big beer drinker, but I have enjoyed some of the ones on tap here.Very good appetizer variety, nice selection of burgers and sandwiches and well as main entrees if that's more your speed.It's in Westgate, so it can be busy on the weekends but it's a pretty large place with lots of tables so you won't have to wait too long."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b5632353a),"Yoli's has recently been popping up on Yelp's 'Best Of' front page. Many people are mouthing out and as the food whore that I am, I needed to go out and try it for myself.My previous research told me that there were many 5 stars and 3 stars reviews regarding the ambiance, service and food. It seemed that the place had be 5-stars for a while but trending analysis showed a decline in the late 2011- early 2012. Alright enough nerd talk-  it was a Saturday morning, I was starving and I needed a place to have brunch with my lady friend in town.When it comes to brunch at Yoli's, you really need to leave all your expectations at the door. The neighborhood its in is a little sub-par, the parking situation isn't grand and the interior and patio decor resembles a home that stopped paying for landscaping services a long time ago. The tables outside are all basic basic plastic, they are not squeaky clean (or perfectly leveled) and the seating is pretty limited. If you are coming to Yoli's, you are coming here for the food and nothing else, this ain't no brunch at the Four Seasons.Their menus are strictly breakfast/brunch related but at a 2-sided page list, their breakfast choices do have a large variety of flavors and prices. The food is on the stealthier side with skillet dishes, omelets and diner-style potato sides. My friend and I ordered their most popular dish, the El Monte- Hawaiian french toast sandwich filled with egg whites, turkey, bacon and cheese with a 'spicy orange marmalade'. At about $7, the sandwich was pretty large and filled me up easily after just half of it. The french toast itself was soft and spongy and the bacon had some crisp, but the turkey was very thinly-sliced deli meat so it didn't have a lot of flavor and the spicy marmalade was tasty but not spicy at all.The service was a tad slow but the lady was very very courteous and nice to us, she just didn't stop by very often so we had to wait around for our drinks and our check for quite a while. Overall I wasn't blown away with Yoli's but I would recommend as a place with decent portions and good prices. As of now, a 3.75 stars on my book.I am a big supporter of local restaurants and I love seeing a family-owned business thrive. With a little bit more decor, faster service and a cleaner environment this place can return to be the GEM that people used to talk about. Yoli, if you are reading this- I hope you take this advice, we all want to see you succeed so we hope you can get back on that horse and impress the hell out of us. Good Luck!!"
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323f93),"Best sushi around!  I have visited a ton of sushi joints and until I stumbled upon this place I didn't know what a real sushi place was.  The chefs are very personable and I felt right at home.  Many times, I visit them for happy hour by myself however, I feel like family and the chefs actually remember me when I return and I keep coming back...   The chefs are extremely creative and will make rolls on the fly.  I simply have to tell them what I am craving and they create something amazing based on what I want.  I have not experienced many sushi places that will customize everything.  I do not even ask for a menu anymore as they allow me to create my ""own"" menu.  This is a family owned place.  No chains which I try avoid.  The family cares about the quality, service, and actually gets excited about their restaurant.  They want to please the customer and are always educating me on where they get their fish, what was just flown in and what they think I should try.  (Yep they remember what I had and like in the past.  That's what I call customer service!The fish is incredibly fresh.  I was not a big sashimi fan until I started eating at Yume.  They have White Tuna that you cannot find at every sushi joint, as it is my understanding that the shelf life is only 12 hours.  They have a seared Albacore that is accompanied by a very light mustard sauce that is a perfect pair.  One of my favorite roll is the TNT, which has these warm huge bay scallops on top without the globs of mayo so many places use to bake their sushi toppings.  The other is the Naughty Girl that was created for me, as I wanted a ""fried element"" in my roll.  They took chopped fresh Ahi Tuna that was finely chopped, rolled them into balls, lightly batter and fried them, cut them in half and toped them on a roll with jalapenos, asparagus, avocado and cucumber.  You don't like jalapenos I am sure they will customize it just for you.  They also have sushi for the non-fish lovers that include a killer grilled ribeye roll.  Now I can get my boyfriend to visit there, as he is not a big fan of what he calls ""bait"".  The prices are amazing.  They have a variety of sushi during lunch and happy hour that are 5 dollars and they actually consist of raw fish not just a cucumber.  The ambience is just my style.  I am not looking for a meat market place that happens to serve sushi.  I want a place that I feel comfortable at with friends or by myself.  I am comfortable in my skin at Yume.  It is a great place for families also.  Finally yet importantly, they have a VIP club for customers (like me) who frequent Yume often.  I got an incredible loyalty coin that is beautifully designed that allows me to get happy hour prices all day long.   What restaurant gives you happy hour prices all day?  Bottom line is you have to try the place.  Its food, service and passion brings me back every time."
ObjectID(5165b71d74c3068b56325ca0),"I tried this place out for the first time today and must say it was the best experience I've ever had eating Filipino food in Arizona. Not only is the food spectacular (I had the Lechon plate), but the people are as friendly as ever! I'd been waiting to find a place in the metro Phoenix valley that serves tasty Filipino food with integrity and a positive attitude. I am happy to say that I have found it. Pinakamasarap na pagkain sa valley for sure!"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b563253ae),"I find we have been lazy a lot this week and do not want to cook. So off to the Black Bear Diner we go. It seems the vehicle parked next to us when we arrive is even more lazy than we as it was in a disabled space with no insignia to allow such. When the owner left they were just a rather fat young couple with a couple of kids. When we arrive they are pretty busy and the wait folks look somewhat frazzled. They ask where we want to sit and take us to a both at the back of the restaurant. This is one place I do not mind booths as the seat is shallow enough to allow my legs to bend at the right place. I am not sure what was going on here tonight but there were an over abundance of bubbas and their bimbos eating here. Dinner and theatre; cool. We came for fish and chips because that is what we were in the mood for and could think of nowhere near home that serves this except BBD. But as it always turns out we did not have what we came for, instead we ordered the fried chicken dinner. The chicken reminds us both of chicken we had as kids, very basic but good. Tonight was no exception; it was good for what it is. It comes with soup or salad and two sides. I personally think the side choice leave a lot to be desired. But what we got was fine. We both opted for the salad, which it just too big. In fact, too much food over all. I wish places like this offered half the size for half the money. We just have to remember next time to order one and share. Our wait person was fine if not overwhelmed at first. But being in that lazy mood I just did not mind sitting and watching the bubbas. She was a nice young lady with very pretty eyes."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b563242e0),"We were visiting Scottsdale and staying at the Kierland Westin resort. Thinking that is was a hotel restaurant, we didn't expect much out of it...but it blew us away! Service was wonderful and every dish from the warm spanish bread served to the appetizer to the main dishes AND the desserts were immaculately done. We thoroughly enjoyed our experience and left fulfilled.(Sorry can't give a play by play on each dish cuz I forgot all the names...)don't miss it if you're ever at the Westin Kierland!!!!!"
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b563240f3),"Where did this place come from?  It's in a strange location but it's a small, neat space.  On a Friday evening at 6:30pm our group of 6 was able to be seated no problem.  Having never been here before, our group was ready for a beer.  Say what?!?!  No alcohol?!?!  What's pizza without a cold beer?  Anyway.  I started with the garlic bread sticks and the house salad with spinach.  Both were above average and delicious!  I was practically licking the bottom of the salad bowl and my husband definitely stole a 3rd bread stick.  On to the pizza.  Unfortunately, I wasn't able to read the trusted Yelp reviews prior and was therefore surprised by the somewhat sweet sauce.  It was okay....but I'm not a fan.  The ""Lil"" Sicilian cheese pizza I got was the perfect size (I did have a salad and bread sticks prior thought!).  Service was good - no complaints.  I think they deliver - so maybe next time we're at Sleepy Dog brewery we can call them up and enjoy some pizza with our beer!"
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323f8e),What a delightful little place! This new restaurant on the Southeast corner of Southern and McClintock has an ambience and class that are much too rare in Tempe. Tasty (and affordable) sushi and sandwiches in a lounge-type atmosphere that is modern and refreshing. We need more like this!
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b56323fdc),"Was out in Scottsdale for a few days on business & visiting a friend - he recommended we grab a bite at this place..  I was skeptical about eating sushi in AZ - a landlocked state - but then again I eat it in Vegas all the time so why not?  This is a hip joint with a good-looking, young crowd.  They had a special happy hour menu where they offered a half dozen basic sushi rolls (spicy tuna, california, etc).  I ordered a few rolls and had a few drinks.. The service was FAST - especially considering how packed it was on a Thursday night.  This is a popular happy-hour spot in scottsdale, located near several businesses, mall, etc.  I'd return next time I'm in town!"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324a2e),"Sushi Eye started out friendly where one could get to know the management and get a sense of family, however it has taken a severe downturn for the worst. I would not recommend this business for my friends, family, or even people I was not fond of. There are numerous other Sushi establishments where you can take your business and get the treatment you deserve with your hard earned money.I have to say that I never thought I would give a restaurant one star unless I was so unimpressed or insulted by the eatery that I have to just alert others."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323920),"We live about a 30 second drive from Grimaldi's, but I would still come here to eat great pizza even if it was a 30-minute drive.  Usually we get it to go, but the times we have eaten in the restaurant it has been a nice relaxing experience.  They have a great wine selection and one night I commented on a wine I really liked and the waiter was happy to show me the bottle so I could look for it the next time I was at BevMo.  We usually start with the antipasti which is so good I keep saying I'm going to go back sometime and get the large antipasti order and just have that with a couple of glasses of wine.  Our standard order is the large pesto with sausage and mushrooms and the large calzone with meatballs.  Those two items are so good we haven't tried much of anything else.  Yes, it's a little pricey, but compared to what?  The national chains?  I read somewhere that Domino's food costs per pizza are just over $2.  I'd rather pay more for quality and fresh ingredients.  Not just cheap pizza to soak up the beer in my belly.  And that pesto pizza warmed up in the oven the next morning with a fried egg on top is wonderful!  I highly recommend trying that."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324930),"I love spicy thai food and Swaddee certainly didnt let me down. I feel like this is a great hidden gem in Chandler, I would have never known it was there unless it had been pointed out to me. I have had a few favorites like green curry and pad thai here and they are all delicious."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324cad),"If you're big into driving to the middle of nowhere for Cuban food (in a strip mall) (in the desert)...this place is great. (Like, who thought that their target market of Cuban foodies was as far west in 85045 as you can get before hitting the reservation??? Hmmm.)Ropa Vieja...delicious. Slow cooked cuban style shredded flank steak done right. Even had a bite of ""The Infamous Cuban Sandwich""... Everything an infamous cuban sandwich could boast of. Really...yumx2.I don't think they could have done any better with this space...ambiance fit for a far superior location. So, where were all the people??? Four stars because the food was fantastic, the service outstanding and the Mojitos near perfection...but, lacking were any other humanoid forms to share the experience. Funny, but I guess I enjoy fellow patrons in encounters of all things cuba, mojito or vieja...Marketing people...look into it. Will go back another night and try again."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325357),"I have been to FEZ twice now, when passing through Phoenix. First, the decor is amazing, an oasis of urbanity amid the heat and sprawl of Phoenix. Excellent lighting and decoration. And I love the food, a mix of Mediterranean and American fare. This last time, I had a grilled-chicken sandwich with pomegranate vinaigrette, goat cheese, sliced pears, dried cherries, and field greens on ciabatta. My dinner companions had different sandwiches, and all were good, but one of my companions said he thought his sandwich was just a tad over-sauced. The sweet-potato fries were a real treat. I plan to make FEZ a regular stop when I travel through Phoenix again."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b5632579c),"mediocre- not amazing but not horrible! i actually didn't want to write a review to be totally honest but i checked in here and yelp wouldn't quit telling me to write a review. i finally caved just to remove the annoying reminder. you win, yelp, you win. i've only been twice. not a fan of the carne asada but the chorizo, shredded pork and blakcened chicken is Ok. The price is fair and the people working have been super friendly both times."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323bfa),"I love Trader Joe's for certain things...  I never seem to find everything I need there, which is to be expected of a ""farmers market"" vs. a ""super market""... The prices are always pretty reasonable and I love the quirkiness in how things are named.  Trader Joses Mexican Food, Trader Giottos Italian Food, Two Buck Chuck wine... love it!  I also find it hysterical that the workers there have titles like they are part of a fisherman's chain of command- argh mattey!!  One of my dear friends works for the company and they are GREAT to their employees... it shows in their customer service!"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325ae1),"It has been more than 1 year I have not been in Sushi Ken, but I still remember the taste of salmon Kama. It was like my home. This place is amazing. Owners are nice and so hardworking. I will be back one day and will say hajimemashite :)PS. People who give one or two stars to this place please get california roll from safeway and continue to think that japanese cuisine is only california roll"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325464),"""We wanted to take you out for your last dinner...so we got to thinking 'what place has specials on a Tuesday?'..and I remembered Chompie's has a special..AND A FOOD CHALLENGE.""And THAT is how I ended up at Chompie's on a Tuesday.  They were featured on TV (I think it's Man Vs. Food, but I'm not sure) bc of this food challenge of theirs.  On Tuesdays, they have a special - AYCE Jewish sliders & fries with the purchase of a beverage for $11.95.  (Keep in mind, a plate of 3 Jewish sliders + fries is $11.95.)I was told the specialties here are sliders.  The sliders themselves are a decent size (I'd say maybe it's the same size as the tiny McD's burgers, but taller?).  Jewish sliders have potato cakes in them; Western sliders don't; breakfast sliders are something completely different.Everything we ordered was ehhhh (befitting of a ""meh, I've experienced better"" rating).  Two things that did impress me, however, were:1. They place pickles on the table right when you sit down!  I'm not a pickle girl myself, but it's a nice gesture.2. Everyone here is so FRIENDLY (I mean genuinely friendly!!).  Idk, I think most Arizonians in general are friendlier than the Californians I encounter on a daily basis hahahhaa.  And our waitress went out of her way to split 5 checks for our party of 7...that was pretty cool of her.I'm glad I went here for the experience, but I wouldn't come back again.  Lesson learned: Don't trust a bunch of post-gym, hungry, non-Yelping boys to pick a dinner spot ;)"
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b56324291),"One of my favorite aspects of this Central Phoenix wine bar is that it is still somewhat ""undiscovered,"" aka not teeming with hipsters and young professionals on a Thursday evening after work. It stays busy, but not jam packed. Their Happy Hour is great, nice $5 small plate options, and you must try their cherry lemon drop martini. Seriously delicious. Get a ride from someone, because you'll probably want another :) The decor is cool and they play French movies on a large screen in the back of the restaurant. I also have a special place in my heart for their awesome sweet potato fries! This place is a great option if you want a nice glass of wine and a bite to eat in Central Phoenix but don't want to brave the Postino crowds."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323a5b),"On recommendation from a friend, I recently tried Lolas. He told me to go to the central location, but I was in the area, so I stopped into this one. Upon entering, I ordered two drip coffees for my boyfriend and I. The response I got was, ""I'm not brewing anymore drip today."" Apparently, they close at 7 and 6:15 is too late for coffee in a coffee shop. I then suggested she could make us Cafe Americano's instead. I asked for skim milk in one of them, and in response, a gallon of skim milk was slammed down in front of me. As I sat drinking my watered down cafe americano, the barista began sweeping around us. The dirt was flying everywhere. At that moment, I decided we needed to leave. The only thing keeping me from taking a steaming shit on the floor was the 3 cops sitting in the corner of the shop. I'd rather get coffee at a shell station. I suggest you do the same."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b56324231),"I freaking love Bloom.  Their menu is classical American with innovative Italian, Asian and French accents and flavors thrown in.  The decor is upscale and the service is fabulous. I love, love, love the raviolis, so I highly recommend them. And the peanut crusted prawns are awesome too.  Bloom is one of my favorite places to have dinner, check it out!PS- they have amazing martinis...be sure to order one, or two!"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325a57),"This restaurant still has one of the best deals around: $39.95 for a three course meal for two. Not bad right? You get a soup, appetizer, two entree and dessert. Yum."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b563258ab),"I'm still a big fan of the mac n cheese. Quite possibly the best in the Valley! Cheesy enough that you may have to twirl your fork when you grab a bite of the tangy, creamy goodness! I like the batter on the fish and chips but found the fish to on the tough side -- not my favorite."
ObjectID(5165b71d74c3068b56325fd7),"I am not going to pretend I am a vegan anymore.  I look like a hipster, I smell like a hipster, and occasionally I eat like a hipster... so I have to eat some vegan stuff once in awhile.  I know that my vegan friends will not judge me for eating delicious little animals if I go with them to Green once in awhile.  When Thai food and salad bars are not enough, Green picks up the ball and paves the course for the future... providing a comfortable and hip atmosphere, great service, and mouthwatering delicious stomach stuffing.  I have eaten everything on the menu, and there is not a single thing on it I wouldn't order again, which I cannot say for any other eatery in the Valley.  But if I had to suggest something to a meat-eater that is venturing out into unknown territory, I would recommend ""Thee Argentine Po Boy"".  If you were raised by American McDonald's junkies like myself, and you are trying to change your eating habits, and you love to eat that ice cream cone after your McFeast, then feel free to hoof it over to Nami next door and satisfy the sweet tooth as well.Thank you Green for making me feel a little less 1950's America in a ever-evolving world."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323c05),"The naming of Asian themed restaurants is in need of a serious makeover. I think this is the next frontier for marketing gurus; a potential fortune could be made here. Most restaurants fall into the category of being painfully bland (""China Food""), vaguely insulting ethnic caricatures (""Mr. Yings' Happy China Meal"") or horrific puns (""Pho Sure""). Names like these don't inspire a lot of confidence in the quality of their food, even though that's not always the case (for example, ""China Food"" was actually pretty good).So when I saw Thai Elephant, my mind immediately reversed the name which sounds suspiciously close to a parasitic disease (elephantiasis). Plus the fact that it's located in a strip mall is a bit of a red flag. But a growling stomach can overcome these biases and so I pulled into the lot............And was pleasantly surprised. This is actually pretty good Thai food. The inside is a little more ornate than you would have expected; there's the whitewashed walls that fits the strip mall theme, but the furniture is darker wood with slightly dimmed background lighting. A large screen TV was playing the Suns game in the back room and a small bar is present in the front part of the restaurant. There are a few tables as well as some seats with a mix of wooden booths and chairs.Still wary, I ordered the hot tea, Thai sweet potatoes and chicken Pad Thai. All of these were above average: the Thai sweet potatoes were perfectly fried and mixed well with the slightly tangy sauce. I may have eaten more than ten times my body weight in Chicken Pad Thai over the years, and this was definitely above average. Although I was just here for dinner, I did see that they have a Happy Hour which runs from 5-7 pm. All in all, it's a pleasant place that belies its' strip mall exterior and is worth a visit for respectable Thai food."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323511),"Went there last night for the second time since it opened. And just as impressed with the food. Hubby had the san tan devils brew on tap (they also offer four peaks on tap). Started with the crispy egg rolls. They serve them with fresh mint and lettuce leaves and encourage you to wrap the rolls with them. Yum! Hubby had the shaken beef and cleaned the plate. I had the caramelized salmon dish. We both really enjoyed the scallion broth that both dishes are served with. People of Surprise! Don't miss out on this restaurant! We need to keep them in business since we have far too few independently owned restaurants to choose from! Besides, it's delicious!"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325186),"I've noticed some people comment saying ""I don't like Sonoran/New Mexican mexican food.""...then why are you eating Mexican food in a primarily Sonoran Mexico area? Do you see an ocean? No, this isn't Baja.Valle Luna is the premier place to get Sonoran mexican food. The portions are copious, the flavors are bold, and the food is consistently good.I can't think of anything bad for this place."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323a99),"I usually stay away from chains but I offered to take an employee out for dinner and this was the pick.  I was surprised at the quality of the food.  I don't eat steak so I got the ribs.  I had to eat them with a fork.  Literally falling off the bone.  That's a good sign.The atmosphere can best be described as Neuvo Bubba decor.  I've actually been to a real Texas roadhouse (Post, Texas and I did in fact make eye contact with most of the patrons) and this is cleaner (despite the peanut shells everywhere) safer (despite the Helter Skelter look from dude in the Lynyrd Skynyrd T-shirt) and tastier (still mostly fried)."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b5632550e),Just a quick update to note here.  I was at the Hungry Monk last week and had my choice of 12 different IPAs On Tap.  My God Man!  Hop Head Heaven!!!
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b563239db),"Nice ambiance and crowd here.This is an asian/mexican fusion place.I can really see having a fun girls night out here ,or a HH with friends .Tons of cocktails to choose from ,i tried the jasmine star ( upon recommendation)it was a good sipping cocktail .Service was super friendly and on pointe.We started with the chicken lettuce wraps ,they were very tasty .I had a beef with asparagus dish(pepper seared beef) that was really delicious and a generous portion.The miso soup wasn't bad ( i have had better).My son loved the firecracker chicken with boccoli ,he kept remarking how good it was .Prices were decent .we enjoyed our dinner .I will return."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324ad4),"My experience here was not so great! The sandwiches lacked meat, cheese, ingredients and worst of all flavor!!! They were out of the kids meal items so instead of fruit she had a cookie and larger drink!! The sandwich I had was bad! And the sandwich Jared R ordered was loaded but he was not told that the 6 extra toppings were going to cost him over $2 extra!!! His medium sandwich was over $8!! Thats insane! Makes me see how much subway or even quiznos can be such a great deal!!"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b563256f3),"I used to come for the booze (I actually still do!) but I wound up bringing my family in for dinner while they were visiting from out of town. Being the zealous consumer of lamb that he is, my father ordered the Greek-style lamb chops. Needless to say that every time he's in town, he HAS to go to Feeney's and have the lamb. He has since tried the pork chops (also Greek-style) and is just as much of a fan of those. I've brought in other family since who are also nuts about the lamb. So bottom line, if you're into lamb, come here and take it Greek-style!Not a lamb eater myself, I usually get the filet mignon. There is just something about the way the filet is prepared, old-school style and not a lot of bells and whistles. Bells and whistles are not needed because it's just so damned good: tender and flavorful. What else is delicious? The calamari is AWESOME-probably one of my favorite in any restaurant anywhere.The service here is above and beyond. Maria and George and the rest of the servers treat all of their customers like family which is why they have so much repeat business. In addition, you will never have an empty glass in front of you, whether is beer, wine cocktails, soda, coffee, even your glass of water is always refilled.Sure there are other places in The Valley that are fancier where the food comes to your table almost too pretty to eat, but that comes with a price tag and often a nice appearance is used to mask inferior quality. Not the case here, you always enjoy a good, down-home, no-nonsense meal with great service and all at a VERY reasonable cost."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324dff),"Based on special WIne Tasting event @ Bar.  {Otherwise i could NEVER see how i could/would dine here - case in point: initially seated in dinning room. Took quite a while to have our (very snotty & uppity) server apporach us.  We inidicated we were doing their special event, and OMG did he ever show he did NOT want any part of THAT with US}We (ThankFully) asked to be moved to lounge area which only had 2 other tables being served.  (I just KNEW we would have had a more than terrible  time with Mr. Crabby Pants had we stayed in his section).We were promptly moved, seated & served in very quick succession.  Turned out BEST decsion.  We were given professional & informative tastings of wines from Napa & South Africa.  Although this was a fun, different and good little event, and we really enjoyed it, it was NO where near as great an experience that we had at the CG in North Scottsdale 2 weeks earlier, ie: NITE and DAY difference.  (pours were half the size, and they were extremely hesitant, if at all, to give another taste of 1 which u may have liked....I WOULD go back to N. Scottsdale for a Wine & Dine but i would never suggest getting a ""10"" on the Snob-O-Factor here."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b563243f5),"Onions rings tasty - service badI should have listened to all the rest of the reviews. But we were hungry, at the convention center and not wanting to walk to far.We also wanted to eat outside.Our server was terrible. He offered not options when we asked what was on tap and if they had any wheat beers. He said they didn't have any and didn't offer up the drink menu. Sigh.We started with the ""spicy"" onion rings. Basically onions rings sprinkled with season sauce. Tasty none the less, although not spicy!I did a chicken sandwich - they did not cut the tendon out, so chomping into that sucked. The coleslaw was ok.Hubby wanted the Cajun sausage sandwich and said - the Cajun sausage. Also said no veggies. The waiter assumed he wanted the main pasta dish...  which was awful. Tasteless Alfredo sauce.Our companion for the meal got the crab cake sandwich, he didn't want the wheat bun and his only other options was sour dough bread.The crab was not tasty.The front patio is a great location to hang out, but just don't go with great expectations. And grab a drink menu on the way in!"
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b563235b4),"The Vig is a great place to meet up for a drink. I haven't found too many other places that serve Hoegaarden (my favorite beer). The atmosphere is one of the best I've seen in Phoenix, and the food is pretty good as well. I'd recommend the ""Big Azz Burger"" or the ""Hot Vings""!"
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323b93),"I have never been here before so I didn't know what to expect.  Every time I heard the name ""Duck & Decanter""  I would picture a nice sit-down joint with waiters and pictures of hunting stuff on hunter green walls.  This is certainly not the case I realized upon entering.  It is just a sandwich place that also sells a bunch of random bric-a-brac.  It is all basically picnic stuff I think.  I dunno...it was real difficult to get a feel for the place.  It was all pretty random to me.  But anyway, about the food....I ordered ""The Duckling"" sandwich was is one of their ""signature sandwiches"".  It seemed like a good selection because the name of the sandwich and the sandwich itself had duck in it and so does the name of the restaurant.  However, the sandwich was just ok.  Nothing special.  Not worth 9 bucks.  just a few slices of meat in between 2 pieces of bread.All the sandwiches on the menu did however look interesting.  They are definitely not your typical ""sandwich place"" type sandwiches.  Well some of them are but they all have that special Duck & Decanter twist.  The have some deli type sandwich selections as well but I would prefer to just go to a deli for those.My wife ordered the chicken salad and it was very very good.  I would order it if I ever visit the place again.  She ordered the Sonoran with spicy oil & vinegar.  It was very tasty and no mayo or any of the bad stuff.The service was very friendly but I took a long while to get our sandwiches.  There must have been a large order ahead of us or something because there weren't many people in the place.  I couldn't imagine going here on a weekday during the  lunch rush because the line would likely be out the door and would take forever to get your food.  Luckily for me I went on a hot Sunday afternoon."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b563238b8),"I can't believe I have to give a star to this place in order to provide a review.Had the worst restaurant experience, EVER, at this establishment.  The food was a nightmarish mess.  It was so bad it was hysterical!  Service was absolutely 3rd world!  The nerdy waitress had the nerve to overcharge our table $40.  The manager stumbled out bellowing, ""What's your problem now?!"" ""FIRST OF ALL, we aren't pleased with the food and the waitress overcharged us."" I retorted.""Well get out, we're closing in 20minutes anyway!"" he snickered.Long story short --- this place is an overrated outhouse."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323ecf),"Bacchanal Ristorante is a really fun place to have a meal at.  They have live entertainment, including belly dancers, dancing and singing.  And if you happen to get caught up in the Greek spirit, they even let you break plates, for $2 per plate, of course. The food is pretty good- I wouldn't say great or outstanding, but my falafel was pretty tasty, as was the rice and Greek salad.  I am a vegetarian, so I couldn't try a lot of the dishes, but the table next to us looked like they were enjoying their lamb kebabs.I would definitely recommend coming here with family and friends.  The entertainment really makes this place stand out, and you'll have a great time."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b56324583),"Dismal, abject, revolting.  These are words one would use to describe the contents of a garbage can, or a snuff film. You know nice, pleasant things that one would enjoy on a Sunday afternoon. Shogun however deserves none of this high praise. These words are a lofty goal by their standards. I was so unfortunate to collide unwillingly with this place one Saturday for lunch and decided to order the unagi roll and the Panko Udon. I was expecting some common sense from the chef/wank they picked up off the street, but even hope fails occasionally in an explosion of misery. The unagi roll was horrible. The rice was not fully cooked, the contents were soggy and tasted old. The sushi would have been better if the chef had taken the ingredients, put them down his pants, sat on them for 5 minutes while riding a bull, and then vomited on the resulting creation. Later the Panko Udon arrived, and it was even worse. I understand that it was panko breaded and not a tempura batter, but still it was absolutely horrendous. They could not have overcooked the vegetables, shrimp, and fish more.  It was greasy, bland, insipid cooking that could not have been made better even if it were served with a diamond ring.  The store bought, cheap as you can find udon was undercooked and had the texture of noodles that had been sitting for about 30 minutes in a colander. These little beauties were served in a pool of horrific bottled tsuyu sauce that left a lingering chemical aftertaste that was just a delight to behold.I would not eat here again even if my scrotum were stapled to a chair and I was chained to a table. I have to give this place one star too many because Yelp unfortunately has a one star minimum. I would even rate any fast food chain better than this place. I have had better airline food.Cheers,Until then, get the beers in...Just not at Shogun."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b56324713),"So why is it there are either German bakeries or Jewish bakeries? Discuss. What no Scandinavian bakers out there? I grew up in Minnesota where German bakers ruled. Every day after school and before my extracurricular activities (which included trombone lessons, practice with the B squad basketball team and a fitting for my scoliosis brace) I would get a cinnamon crisp and a blueberry filled glazed dough nut. After feeling nostalgic for those pimply, greasy haired in the closet days...I wandered into Karsh's. So. Glad. I. Did.Yummy on the Cinnamon crisp and double yummy on the blueberry cheese danish. I assumed the service would be friendly, I mean, after all, how can you be crabby when you work with frosting all day. And I was right. Each time I've been, they've been sweet as sugar and always offer a free sample. Free sample. One bonus point for the Jewish bakery. I don't remember the German bakers giving out free stuff. Hmmm...Discuss."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b56324896),"Don't get me wrong, I looooove Sunflower.  Love it.  I always felt it was missing something.  I couldn't put my finger on it.  Was it the lack of meat and seafood?  Yes it was.Lee Lee's is everything I have been looking for in a supermarket.  A produce, meat and seafood section that goes beyond my wildest dreams.  I could have spent a few hours in the store but I was on a time schedule.  You know how the back of a market usually covers liquor, meat, seafood and dairy?  Not this place.  It covers meat and seafood and that's it.  it's huge!  They had live tanks with cheap lobster, talipa, catfish, crabs and some fish I have never seen.  Then there is a fish station with every fish I've ever heard of and maybe 20 others.  They'll chop it up for you or fry it free of charge.  The meat section has any cut of meat you could imagine.  Bellies, feet and legs included.  I didn't even know you could buy pork blood by the pound.The produce is out of this world.  Veggies I have never seen.  Peaches the size of my head.... and every kind of choy you can think of.  Best part, all of it was the same price of Sunflower, if not cheaper.  The aisles are incredible as well.  A whole aisle dedicated to noodles!!  An African aisle!?!!?   Two Korean aisles.  I couldn't believe what I was seeing.  They also had a wonderful imported beer lane but I don't think it compares to the prices at Topps liquor.  I was so overwhelmed on what to buy so I kept it to a minimum.  I bought the produce I normally buy and I saved a good amount of money.  I bought a fish I've never heard of and now I have to figure out how to cook it.  I saved a lot of money buying it.  4 pounds for $7.  Without a doubt, next time I go I am going to have some recipes in mind.  I am so glad my wife likes trying new things because we're going to be having Thai, Korean, African, Chinese food for quite some time."
ObjectID(5165b71d74c3068b56325d66),"One of these just opened by my house, and my husband and I were really excited to try it because everyone says such great things. I was so disappointed! I agree that the fries were limp, and I'm a crispy fry lover. The burger tasted good, but I felt pretty ill shortly after eating it. Not food poisoning ill - more like over-greased ill. I don't really eat fast food so maybe that's it, but I will not be returning."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323468),"Now those my friends, were some $12 tacos.  I know what you're thinking, who in their right mind would pay $12 for some tacos?? I know this, because I was thinking the same exact thing.  Personally, I have issues paying just about anything over $4 for tacos, because I happen to think that's all there worth.  I know I sound like a cheapskate, but I'm really not, I swear!  For a good piece of steak or a nice piece of fish, I expect to pay much more than $12, but there is something about tacos, maybe the fact that I can get spectacular ones at Loco Patron for $1 and $2 on Tuesdays that makes me not want to break the bank.  But, I digress...I was sitting at home on Cinco de Mayo feeling sorry for myself and content to remain there for the rest of the night, when the lovely Christina P demanded that I get off my ass and come meet her for some late-evening grub at Padres.  As you can imagine, especially with my tolerance for obnoxious drunks, I was not looking forward to going to a Mexican restaurant on this holiday, where I was certain I'd want to punch every patron in the place.  However, Christina P assured me that Padres was not my typical Mexican Cantina and that I would like it.  With the promise of booze and friends, I shot out my door like lightning.And boy am I glad I did! Yes, Padres was annoying at first with the seemingly 800 people in attendance and nowhere to park, but I was immediately put at ease with a quick beer and a fun bongo driven band to distract me.  We were sat fairly quickly considering how many people were there, and that is where my love affair with these delicious tacos began, and everything went kind of blurry from there.At our poor overworked waitress' suggestion, I ordered the short rib tacos.  I scoffed at the price, $11.99.  I further scoffed at the fact that there were no drink specials and it was Cinco de Mayo and we were at a Mexican Restaurant.  After a little sweet-talking, she agreed to give us Happy Hour beer prices which is all I could've asked for.And then they came out.  They didn't look that remarkable at first, oversized, which was nice considering the price, but nothing special...until my first bite.  It was literally the most tender beef I have ever had in a Mexican restaurant, at any Arizona restaurant period.  They melted in my mouth.  They were rich and flavorful.  I had to consult Nathan S. to make sure I wasn't dreaming these magical tacos up, but he confirmed I was lucid and spot on in my diagnosis.Now those were some $12 tacos...best $12 I've ever spent."
ObjectID(5165b71d74c3068b56325ca0),"Great little place. I ordered the grilled pork and Chris D. got the pork belly. They were both delish. I think I liked the belly best. They lady behind the counter was very helpful in explaining things (our first time with Filipino food). She also gave us some watermelon to go with our lunch. As we were leaving I asked about the special pork they had that day. She gave us a taste and it was melt in your mouth good. We actually had leftovers, I made pork fried rice with the next day. Thank you for the outstanding customer service."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324a6b),"I enjoy the juicy, succulent taste of murder, but I've also got friends that would skin me if I took them to a steak house. To avoid compromising the values of my veggie friends by forcing them to make me man meat, it's always best to choose a place with plenty of greens on the menu. Pita Jungle is the perfect harmony between flesh renders and herbivores. And it doesn't just have the ""hold the chicken"" type vegg friendly option on the menu, it's got lentils and shit.Now, since we've already established that I live under rocks, you can just go ahead and assume I've never been to Pita Jungle. What can I say, the grub hunting was good. But after my first visit you can bet your skinny little vegan ass I'll be noshing right next to you on a regular basis. The restaurant has apparently expanded twice since it's been open and it was still hoppin' last night, with an open, airy feel and interesting artwork decorating the walls. We hovered over the seating section booth thingy and were told to go ahead and steal any open seat we liked. Some may find this annoying and unorganized, but I really like it when they let me do that part of their job for them, so we snagged a table for two right next to the window so I could watch some dog TV, which was showing a tig old biddy sorority girl special based on the number of perky young freshman coming and going in the parking lot. (Side note: Big old windows are like big screen dog TVs because dogs don't watch human TV, they keep track of the cats trotting through their territory and bark at the mailman and monitor the comings and goings of the neighborhood through windows. At least in my experience. I'll be sitting there glued to the tube and the dogs will be sitting there glued to the window. End tangent. Thanks for your patience.)Others have complained about the poor service at this location, but surprise (sarcasm) Mr. Man ends up knowing the waiter assigned to our section, so we were promptly rewarded with menus and drinks. Not that I would have even noticed the wait since I was agape, trying to take in everything offered on a menu that just wouldn't quit. Eventually I grabbed hold of my indecision and narrowed it down to three options, the black bean burger, the lavosh shawarma wrap, or the Caribbean salad. We agreed that not having hummus simply wasn't an option so I went with the shawarma so I could pep it up with some left over hummus, and I really dig lavosh because it reminds me of saltines, which I don't really like that much, but are scrumptious in flatbread form. Mr. Man decided upon the grilled vegetable salad, because if you've ever met him, he really needs to watch his boyish figure (again, sarcasm).We ordered an extra pita for the hummus, which was overkill and we didn't even end up touching it because the ""small hummus"" ended up being freakin' huge and the pita was sized to match. It was smooth and creamy, and garnished with two of my favorite vegetables (or whatever an olive technically is), cucumbers and kalamata olives! My one gripe about the entire meal was that my chicken was overly dry and a smidgen bland, but the hummus more than made up for that lack in flavor. The side Greek salad that came with my wrap was also stupendous, with a hefty amount of feta and a delicious, light vinaigrette to counter that richness. Mr. Man's grilled vegetable salad was also very well done, with crisp veggies, lots of garlic and an awesome dressing. And this delish bounty of fresh, healthy food came to 20 bucks between the two of us and left us with enough leftovers for lunch tomorrow. I'll definitely be coming here again, and frequently, so I can get my daily dose of granola crunching hippies, sorority sisters, cooler than thou hipsters and SUV driving yuppies with their childrens all in one place. Unheard of!"
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b5632475d),"So I came to this joint today for lunch with my wife and and a coworker of hers.  I ordered (of course) the Greek Salad with gyro meat on top.  Our waiter's name was Jeff, and he was great.  He introduced himself and also reminded us halfway through our meal of his name again.  If that doesn't show confidence in his work I don't know what does.  He kept our glasses filled, and our food came incredibly fast.My salad was excellent.  I ordered the regular size and it was huge!  God forbid I had ordered the large one, little ethiopian kids would have been cursing my name!  The meat was a little too thin for my liking, but it was good.  Honestly when I ordered the salad and a gyro I expected to get the gyro in sandwich form (inside a pita)... but its coo.  I'm really not one to complain if the food is good.My wife got the veggie wrap and a side greek salad.  It looked good, but I'm not a big wrap person unless its extremely unhealthy.  Like a chipotle chicken wrap at Tacone or something... You know the one.  With the spicy orange mayo throughout it.  Anywho, this place is excellent for lunch.  They get you in and out and the food is worth the price.  I think we ended up paying $22 for both of us.Clean platesGreat servicePleasant buzzDelicious food"
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323582),"I was very disappointed with this particular Oregano's location (Scottsdale at Shea). Although the food was very good, the service was lacking. Initially, our waitress was prompt with bringing beverages out. However, after our meal was delivered, our waitress disappeared; we never see her again. We inquire to another waiter, who then lets us know that our waitress had taken a break. Nonetheless, the food was good. My four favorites are the ""Italian Gold wings,"" ""Numero One-O,"" ""Bistro Sweet Po's,"" and French Fries. The Italian Gold wings are chicken wings cooked with a honey mustard BBQ sauce. The Numero One-O is a stuffed pizza with sausage, pepperoni, mushrooms, onions, and green onions. The Bistro Sweet Po's are sweet potato fries. And as for the French Fries, they are crispy and ruffled! Oh yes, and DO try the dessert. I recommend the Chocolate Chip dessert, which is essentially a hot pizza cookie -- made entirely of chocolate chip. Prices from about $5 to $9 for appetizers. Pizza prices range from about $14 to $23. There are also lasagnas, pastas, and sandwiches -- all of which are good."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324ed7),"Driving up Thomas I almost swerved to the side when I saw a Thai restaurant in this part of town! Signs of the old Wendy's or Mexican restaurant that lasted for a month or 2 were nowhere to be seen, instead you had a very modern and inviting sign that even tells you how to pronounce the name of the restaurant. I was hooked, I could not wait to go and check it out. Upon walking in you are greeted by a very modern decor and it screams intimate dinners can be had here. The wood is dark, the tables are black and the lighting is mostly candlelit. The music was soft and contemporary, the only thing that seemed at odd was the flat-screen TV with sports on it. When the waitress handed me the menu, I was SHOCKED at the prices. I was also shocked that there was NO CURRY (besides massaman beef). The food smelled delicious, so I decided it was probably worth it to stay and give them the chance to woo me. After a few awkward moments of looking at the waitress and her trying to figure out if she should come over and take our order or give us more time she finally came over. We decided on 2 Thai iced coffees, crab won-tons as an appetizer and we would share the pad si ew. If you've had Thai iced coffee, you can't wait to get the sweet milky goodness all mixed up to drink. This unfortunately was like drinking Folgers with some cream and sugar added, i was beyond disappointed to say the least. I should have had a clue though when I saw it being dispensed from one of those juice machines that you see in the the Mexican places with ""agua frescas"". Anyhow, the won-tons come out, and they are possibly the prettiest things I have ever seen on a plate, they tasted amazing, but the filling was cold. The pad si ew was nothing to write home about, for the price we did expect the portion to be larger. Overall they did an amazing job in creating an inviting intimate atmosphere, it would definitely be better sans TV. Service was ok. Prices should definitely reflect location and the demographics of the area, I could just drive to Tempe and get a better meal that is cheaper. Hope they adjust accordingly."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b56324566),"3.5 starsAfter a failed attempt to dine elsewhere, we ended up at King's.  Unlike Maria Maria, King's was more than happy to promptly seat us without an unnecessary wait.There is quite an extensive menu, and a lot of complaints on Yelp about price.  I didn't think it was all that expensive.  Most of the entrees were under $20 and that includes two sides.I had the crab cakes with french fries and mac 'n cheese.  The crab cakes were good even if not the best I've had.  Mac 'n cheese fell a little short for me.  Not much cheese.  More like mac 'n bread crumbs.  My husband had the king crab legs.  Expensive ($43) but 1 1/2 lbs and tons of crab meat.  I tried and it was delicious.We had excellent service.  Could not have asked for better!  My one suggestion would be to serve the sourdough bread warm!  At least until June!"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325b6d),"I went to Prado during Restaurant Week with my favorite dining companion Mike B.  It was my ""Last Supper"" before getting my tonsils out this week.  Since it's Friday night and I just had Jello for dinner, I thought this is a good time to reminisce about Prado and write my very 1st Yelp review.   We had early reservations for Sunday night.  Service was great, waiter was handsome (sure, I say it matters), decor was very comfortable and nice.  Since it was during restaurant week, our selections were from a limited menu, but the $29 included a glass of wine.  Bonus!   I have to assume that the Restaurant week menu has smaller servings than the regular menu, because for one of our appetizers, the Day Boat Scallops, was actually one scallop.  It was good, but I added salt to it, which I rarely do.  For dinner I really enjoyed the flat iron steak, very tender, great flavor.   For dessert we tried a Hazelnut cake and a chocolate cake with gelato.  I thought the Hazelnut cake was the big winner - light and delicious.  I think it's hard to really judge a restaurant during restaurant week, just because it's difficult to tell how things like portions translate to the regular menu (like the one scallop).  Now if only I had been smart and scheduled my tonsils to come out AFTER restaurant week, I'd have more restaurants to review.  ;)"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324c29),"Saddle Ranch is not somewhere I would frequent but happened to have a gift certificate there from work xmas party and thought it was about time to use it.  Its funny.  When you walk into Saddle Ranch and look at the wall decorum you will find yourself staring at axes, saws, handcuffs, whips... all hung up ALL over the walls.  if it wasn't for the giant bar in the middle of the place you may think you've walked in to Chainsaw massacre's torture chamber.  It made me laugh at least.  There is the mechanical bull, which provides some entertainment (jocks mistakenly thinking they are rodeo stars). The service was actually really great when I have been there but I find it all quite expensive... food and drink alike.  They did make a dirty martini quite well though and gave me extra olives :)"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325a57),"Ok, I tried to give this place the benefit of the doubt by visiting it a second time, after my first experience here a few months back, which was dreadful and ended up in a complimentary dinner for my 2 friends and I, even though, all I really got a hold of to consume that evening was the drink that I ordered and not my meal. Firstly, I was sat kind of in the same general area which I'm just going to dub the slow as hell corner. Last time when I sat in this area, I didn't see my food until and hour after I ordered it, and by then my friend had sent it back in frustration of the wait. This time, it was the same extremely long wait, its like they can get out appetizers and small quick meals, but obviously entrees are a bit more time consuming than that, but an HOUR wait, in between, and there was like 5 tables of people in the entire restaurant, total that afternoon, and then for it to taste mediocre...come on P.F. Chang people!!The waitress this time was nice, so I made sure she got a good tip, it wasn't her job to make the food so I wasn't blaming her on the untimeliness of it all. However, the waiter I had at the prior visit, spilled water on all of us and didn't even apologize or have someone to come clean it up, I'm like are you serious?!!The manager of the place is pretty accommodating and apologetic, as he comped our first meal. Although, I didn't see too much of him during my second visit. Otherwise I would have so complained...normally I just grin and bear bad service and talk crap later, but now I'm learning that an unpleasant dining experience is something to say something about, and not after you've left!"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324cad),"We had dinner at Babaloo's last night for their Wine Dinner, pairing wines from around the globe with some beautifully executed dishes. We started with spicy crab cake with pineapple mojo.  I've had mojo before but never this light and complex with a surprising combination of pineapple, garlic and a hint of cumin.  Just enough to say ""what is that flavor?""  Next was the salmon ravioli over taragon and manchego pesto.  I have to tell you that I'm not a huge salmon fan, it tastes very fishy to me.  I was surprised to discover that the peso actually neutralized the fishiness so that, instead, a robust flavor emerged that was totally balanced by the acidity of a dry graffignia pino grigio.  Next was my favorite dish, sauteed duck breast over granny smith compote & blueberry sauce.  Virtually hauled me into fall flavors and like a warm blanket.  I've had greasy duck and then I've had amazing duck.  This was amazing.  Cooked to a perfect medium, juicy, smoky, sweet, fantastic.  Next was a steak au poivre.  Not my favorite way to eat steak as I'm not a huge pepper fan. My partner loved it.  The steak was tender and textured like prime rib.  The Austrailan Inkberry Shiraz was a great way to cut the spicyness of the dish. We learned from the wine expert that this variety of Shiraz is grown in the more harsh climate of the interior of Austrailia rather than the coast line.  That, and the way the vines are cultivated (severly pruned) make the wine complex and richer than it's cousins.  I loved his expalation that ""the grapes have to be poor to become rich."" Finally the desert, an oversized petit four topped with dark chocolate ganache.  Briliiant. The portions were perfect.  I felt satisfied and fulfilled. The real treat though is the family.  Mama works in the kitchen as well has her Chef son Robert.  They are warm, friendly and genuinely care about their guest. Disclosure: I am a vendor, however this is a true and honest review.  If my experience was not good I would not have reviewed them at all.  I do hope you consider this along with their other reviews."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323809),"Three Non-Inflated Truths About Miracle Mile:First: I don't get what all hype is about this place? This really isn't that much of a deli. It's more of a Luby's meets Subway. I'm not using that as a put down, it's just the best way I can think of how to describe this place.Second: The food isn't great, it's just pretty good. I'd been hearing people rave about this place and how it was a NY style deli. Chompie's is more NY than this place and the food is generally tastier there. I ordered a turkey sandwich on french bread with Swiss and cranberry sauce... It was okay and filled me up but it wasn't anything particularly memorable.Third: Miracle Mile dishes out pretty solid portions. It's not too much and it's not too little. To be honest, it's probably a little more toward too much... but in a good way.Go to Miracle Mile for a decent meal, just don't expect the Second Coming."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b563247ed),"I was quite disappointed.  Asia de Cuba seems to try too hard and one winds up with a plate of tastes that don't blend too well.  I had the tasting menu so I got to sample quite a few things.  The Calamari salad was both too sweet and too salty.  The tunapica was a waste of good tuna.  Once again all that I could taste was the salty wonton it was on.  The beef spring roll was a waste as well.For the main course the Butterfish was quite good and I enjoyed the fried rice as well.  The desert was the best part and that is saying a lot because I usually am not a big fan of sweets.  I also had the wine pairing which was a total waste as I do not know how one can pair wines with such a meal. On the plus side the atmosphere was nice, service excellent and I for one did not think it is as overpriced as some other reviewers did.   One last thing i could have done without is  the annoying competing music from the club next door after 10PM"
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b5632478c),"This place is definitely overpriced for what it is. I knew it was expensive going in, but I thought the food would be much better. I am cool with paying 100 plus for 2 people for dinner if the food is very good, but that is not what I thought of my meal at Trader Vic's. I do think they have a cool drink menu and the ambiance is very different. It does feel as if you left Scottsdale when you are at this restaurant and went on vacation. I just wish the food was better for the price of this place."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b56324609),"This place is awesome, really great food and love the decor."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325b4f),"You can never go wrong with dining at Ruth's Chris! I was already a fan of this restaurant chain but wanted to dine at their Scottsdale location to see what it was like.. This restaurant is located upstairs in a mid-sized plaza.. The decor and ambiance are great but there isn't an amazing view like you would find at other Ruth's Chris'.. The wait staff are extremely friendly and the service was top quality.. I had their maryland blue crab cake appetizer, an apple martini, and their porterhouse for two entree.. Everything tasted amazing and I wouldn't have ordered anything else.. My only critique is that we ordered the porterhouse medium rare and the larger pieces were completely rare in the middle.. Luckily they serve their meat on sizzling hot plates so I was able to cook my meat a bit more.. The drinks here are served very strong so if you're not a big fan of that then I suggest asking them to tone it down a bit.. I didn't order anything for dessert because nothing on the menu appealed to me but I enjoyed what I did eat.. If you're looking for a special place to take someone out on a date then I recommend Ruth's Chris!"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324ffe),"I dropped into Bink's late one morning in between business meetings in Carefree.  Having no idea what to expect but recognizing it as a fairly new restaurant I was more than willing to give them a try.The greeting was friendly and the service was great the entire time.  I opted to sit outside on the patio, which is beautifully designed for Arizona with multiple large shade sails.  I looked over the menu and was instantly impressed with the options.  This is high cuisine in a comfortable setting.For lunch I decided to try the Salmon BLT sandwich with a spring greens salad.  I would never have expected Salmon and Bacon to work so beautifully together.  It's obvious to me why the owner  is an award winning chef.  On the servers recommendation I tried their flavored tea.  I don't remember exactly what was in it but it was unique and refreshing.Bink's is a little on the spendy side for a quick lunch but it's not too expensive to keep me away.  I was very pleased with the food and service here and look forward to returning."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b56323fc3),"I was totally hoping for a Bill and Teds type Genghis type guy to be running around smashing shit... slightly disappointed when the hostess was a sweet snappy lady. We were seated and drinks were ordered. We were then ushered to the beginning of the food line and quickly ""learned"" on the art of MSF.Fill yer bowl with meat, veggies, sauces etc.. give to cook pick rice, noodles etc. My concern is making my own food taste like shit.. I prefer chefs that know how much chili sauce is too much.. My dish came out good, a ton of steak, some veggies, the Genghis sauce and a little of some other one, and egg or two and some fried rice. I was concerned about the portion but after concocting... there was plenty! I did like the meat better here then at YC's"
ObjectID(5165b71d74c3068b56325e8f),"How does this restaurant generate so many 4 and 5 star ratings? I know it was on the food channel, but honestly the food was sub-par. Maybe it was just an off day, but I have a feeling it wasn't. The prices were not outrageous, but it wasn't cheap either. The atmosphere was nice, if very cafeteria like.But the food was way way too ""greasy."" And bland. And my stomach now aches after eating there...."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323950),"Full disclosure: one way or another, I have only been to Roaring Fork for the Happy Hour, but the happy hour is darn good. You can, and you should, get that kettle of green chili pork or the big-ass burger, or better yet, share the two with someone nice. The huckleberry margarita is so good, I've had three in one sitting (no, I wasn't driving!). I fully intend to get over there for dinner soon, because I keep seeing the sugar cured duck on the menu and just thinking about it right now my mouth is watering. It gets pretty busy during the happy hour, though, so be prepared to wait a little if your party is large."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324c7f),"We love the Thai House, the food is great. As many of the past reviews mentioned. I don't care for spicy food at all so whenever I order the red cury (delish) I always get a ZERO because it still comes out with spice, so rate low if you don't want too much of a mouth burn.The only thing I was disappointed about was when my little boy wanted regular fried rice, no veggies, no meat, just rice and the soy sauce and they charged us $8.00 - would have thought it would be less.Other than that, everything is pretty good.The lunch combos are good but the salad that it comes with needs to be worked on. I suggest the soup.Fast and delish!"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324b5c),"Was looking for a place that delivers Pizza and found this joint on Yelp.  I ordered a small Pepperoni & Sausage Pizza w/Jalapenos on 1/2 ($10.95 plus $1.75 for each topping).The Pizza was delivered pretty quickly.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/wEc4JE2NYQr1RnGjGr4q7w?select=YteH1pH5LJEpwG07ZX3N9Ahttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/wEc4JE2NYQr1RnGjGr4q7w?select=HlzLd9Q8thIf0PZ33AgRuwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/wEc4JE2NYQr1RnGjGr4q7w?select=-8ecQVJPSRa3WlsKLsTbIQI took one bite out of a slice and instantly became a fan!  The Sausage had a nice balance of flavors...slightly sweet, but very good.  The Jalapenos are on the spicy side, which is how I like it.....for some people, it may be too much.Overall, it was a solid Pizza.Return Factor - 100%"
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b56324184),"Chai is alive and well, and living at City Center at City North.I had been dating a gal name Starbucks for the past few years. She was a plain gal, generic if you will.  She was dependable and available. I was feeling as if i needed more out of my relationship, as you can imagine. So, at times, I would cheat on my gal with another gal named Coffee Bean. Coffee Bean was Kosher and a bit edgier, yet had a leaner list of qualities. I needed more out of my relationships. They say that when you're not looking for someone new, they appear. Well, that was the case with my new crush named Press. I had been to High Street for dinner Kona Grill, yet most of the other shops and restaurants were closed or not yet open for business at the time. I ventured back during daytime hours to give them another opportunity.  I had heard about Press, so I was more than excited to give it a go. At this point I was still making caffeine a part of my diet, so i ordered something called a ""Dirty Chai."" This was a Chai with espresso shots. Press uses a powdered Chai which, in my opinion, works better than the liquid or tea bag forms. I was also given the option to have my frothy delight in a ceramic cup.  I opted for that.  I felt like i was having the type of coffee house experience I had only just imagined. Press occupies a well appointed space, too.  From the wood and granite, to the stained concrete floors, I felt as if i were in a European city, not a Phoenix strip mall. The free wi-fi is a major plus, in my opinion. Press goes as far as to have a ""dog friendly"" cart outside, in its ample outdoor seating area. I spoke with Steve, the owner of Press, at length.  In talking, I asked how Press came to be, and he said that his wife had wanted to open a coffee shop one day.  Well Steve, you have certainly exceeded her expectations, as well as the residents of the Greater Phoenix area. By the way, Press serves sandwiches and soups, as well as an extensive list of wines. Check it out, the staff will make you feel at home, or like you're on vacation in the cozy European city of your choice."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323613),"Z'Tejas = num yummy!! I mean the margaritas and cornbread alone are worth coming to visit. I had some pulled pork quesadilla's that were packed with yummy goodness. Lots of pulled pork with the coleslaw. OMG. I could only eat two of the four pieces as I had already filled up on cornbread and chips and salsa. The only thing I was bummed about was that the cornbread can out a little cold for my liking. If could have even been warm I would have been happy, but it did not stop me from eating it. Definitely a great place to come, especially for happy hour!"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324fc2),"Don't let the vinyl banner sign in the abandoned-looking strip mall fool you.  Lulu's Cupcakes is one hip, modern bakery.  The cupcakery is much larger than it looks from the outside, with a long, L-shaped counter at the far end.  Lulu's menu is suspended above the counter, describing the flavors of the cupcakes perched on covered glass cake trays below.  Next to the entrance is a high counter with a handful of bar stools, and a couple of small two-person tables are lined against one of the longer walls.  Modern lighting fixtures hang from the ceiling above all of the seating areas.  The other long wall houses a display case full of all sorts of baking-related accessories and knick-knacks, as well as some totally random stuff.  A pair of large armchairs and a coffee table are located in the center of the store.  In general, the space in Lulu's seems largely empty and underutilized.  I'm guessing they're still pretty new.My selection at Lulu's included the Tantrum Tamer (vanilla cake with chocolate buttercream) and the Bunny Boo (carrot cake with cream cheese buttercream).Tantrum Tamer:  The vanilla cake was extremely dry and had a sharp, alcoholic flavor.  The flavor had the metallic tang that usually accompanies the use of too much vanilla extract, except that I didn't really taste any vanilla -- just alcohol.  Eventually, a sweet, buttery flavor with a subtle vanilla aftertaste became noticeable underneath the sharp alcoholic bite.  The chocolate buttercream was thick and fudgy with a nice, rich dark chocolate flavor.  However, it had a fairly bitter aftertaste and a heavy, greasy feel to it.Bunny Boo:  The carrot cake was dry and kind of bland.  It had a salty muted carrot cake flavor -- the spices didn't really ""pop"".  The cake was kind of rough and when combined with the shredded carrot and nuts it made for a chewy, crunchy texture.  The cream cheese buttercream was exactly that -- a light, sweet buttery frosting with a cool, refreshing cream cheese flavor.  Yum!  The cream cheese added some moisture and sweetness to the cake, but somehow the cake's saltiness and greasiness seeped through.  I really, really liked the frosting, but the sub-par cake just ruined it.  It's a crying shame because this was a truly fantastic frosting.At the end of the day, though I loved the super cute bakery, $2.95 was just way too much money given the quality of these cupcakes."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b563244b7),"Hit this house up last weekend. We sat outside and there was a band playing in the square. They sounded damn good. I have only been to Westgate City Center one other time at Which wich sandwich shop which I need to review.The restaurant is upscale with all the beer taps online. I ordered up a Dogfish Head 60 minute IPA. $6. Continuously hopped, more than 60 hop additions over a 60-minute boil. A loud, bitter profile up front leads in for more subtle flavors underneath. A good sipper.Blue Crab Cakes $11. I say, who doesn't love these, seriously.Grilled New York Steak $30. A seared luscious peppercorn encrusted 'Whats for Dinner' plate. What else can you say about a 30 dollar steak, it's a celebration of life.Nice place."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324f35),"Great place for organic, grass-fed, locally sourced beef and pork, both my dog and i love this place. I go about every week and a half, call in the order before hand for my dog (offel meats and femur bones), and my own food needs. I made some Tartar from the boneless rib-eye a couple of times, not cheap for this cut of beef but sure was delicious. The bacon is great too and I noticed that the cost is simular to the junk they sell at most grocery stores. This is probably the only place I would use meat for Tartar (raw) in the valley. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable, and most customers are really friendly and happy to share about what their favorites are."
ObjectID(5165b71d74c3068b56325c73),"First of all, I have to say you cant beat the price here.  $6 Pho, come on now!!However, I wasn't too fond of the food itself.  I mean, it was OK but not ""I have to drive 45 minutes just so I can come here to eat lunch"" good.  We happen to be in the area and Yelp showed us the way.  The spring roll was meh ... not super fresh but it wasn't unfresh either.  Hard to explain but I definitely wouldn't get it again here and the peanut sauce was actually not good at all.  I was really disappointed with the sauce.I ordered their meat pho and the flavor was good.  I definitely think the place is good enough to try but when we are in the area - which is not often - we'll prob find another pho joint to try out.  For the price and ""ok"" food, you will enjoy."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b5632520b),"Ordered Chicken Fried Steak for my free birthday meal. That probably shows my foodie ignorance, as who knows what meat is tucked in that fried, breaded coating with gravy. The whole plate was worse than I remember chow hall food when I was in the military. I sent the iced tea (probably another poor choice) back.""How was everything?"" the cashier asked when I left. ""Free,"" I said.""Oh good, glad you enjoyed it."" I let it go."
ObjectID(5165b71d74c3068b56325f6a),"Thank You!!! Thank You !! A beautiful wine cafe finally here in Gilbert.  The space has beautifully contemporary design and the food and wine are fantastic.  If you are anywhere remotely close to Gilbert, It is a must see!!   They have an eclectic wine list and have great bruschetta boards with an array of different bruschettas to chose from, they also serve gourmet sandwiches.  Monday and Tuesday they have a special when you purchase a bottle you receive a free Bruschetta board GRATIS!!!!  Really!!!   Nestled in the Old Town (downtown) part of Gilbert, there is a lot going on here with great local owned shops and restaurants!!  Just across the street on Saturdays they have the Gilbert Farmers Market.   So shop around and pop in for a little vino!!!  Spread the Word!!! Postinos in Gilbert!!  Yes!!! It is True!!!"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325b81),"My sister took me here last week its crazy that I haven't been yet right? This is her regular go to place. Not much I can say after so many reviews here already. The patio looked very nice I bet its the place to be when its cooler. It was kind of empty in here but it was late afternoon. My sis ordered us some Drunken Italian Sodas they were made super strong though usually this would not detour me however I had my child with me and had to drive all the way back home after. Basically it tasted like straight vodka in a giant glass it was a bit much for me mid day and after adding Sprite to it which I stole from my daughter I still couldn't drink it without feeling like I'd be a drunken Mexican after. I didn't understand this drink maybe someone can explain it to me? My sis told me their Sangria was good but I had no idea they made Caipirinha's next time that's what I get no question. The food: We had the garlic lemon hummus it was really good the ingredients separately didn't have much taste to them but together it was really nice the pita bread was excellent. The kid couldn't stop eating the hummus she got so full she barely touched her mac n cheese so we brought that home along w all the leftover hummus. Now on to the Tejano burger we decided to split. OMG it was so delicous I couldn't put it down and we both regretted having split it w each other. Extra star just for that burger alone you best try it if you haven't son!!!"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325a89),"Dark cozy spot with a great menu and nice selection of cocktails, wines and beer.  Food was solid , with  our group ordering a nice selection of small plates, including scallops, and beef skewers, served with a tasty selection of salsas.   Our server seated us immediately, walked us thru the menu and then disappeared .  Subsequent service was slow, with orders arriving at different times and one not at all.Good if you have time and are in the neighborhood."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324e10),"Tonight we tried the chicken shawerma, the gyro, the greek fries and the hummus.DH loved his gyro and ate the whole thing in a couple minutes.  He graded it a solid A.The greek fries were pretty darn good, but I tend to like crispier fries.  Perhaps these got a little soggy in the two mile drive in styrofoam, so I will give them a B instead of a C.  :)  They were not covered in lemon dijon goodness, but they were still delicious.The chicken shawerma was tasty, but it was just not the garlicky goodness I am used to.  The spices just were not in the family of flavors I like.  I couldn't tell if the rice served with it was a saffron rice or maybe some type of curried rice... but I was not a fan.  It was just sort of a ""sweet"" taste... whereas I prefer sort of tangy, spicy, salty flavors.  I'd say most people would call it an A or a B, but I would have to call it a C because the flavors didn't jive in my mouth.The pitas were delicious and just the right amount of chewy. The hummus was... um... bland and just not blended like I am used to.  I added some of the tahini that came in a side container and that made it a little more familiar.  However, the texture was just not blended enough for my tastes.  C-.Would we eat here again if we were in Tempe?  Maybe.  DH picked the food up and said the man working at the counter was friendly and patient with his order.We'd just make sure to ask if they had any garlic-heavy flavors next time since we are BIG garlic eaters and we love garlic in our food!An aside: they did not really have any ""kid-friendly"" options, but they happily agreed to melt some mozzarella into a pita for us for a pseudo-quesadilla.  Very cool."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324a58),"I have been here twice, both times during happy hour, and I have to say that I disagree with most of the reviews here.First off - I did valet my car.  A 2004 Kia Sedona.  There were people there with nice cars, but it was hardly a car show.  Yep, rich people drive nice cars.  Im not jealous.  I dont think the guy driving the Sentra in front of me in the Valet line was to concerned either.Secondly - the women.  Yep.  There are lots of dressed up Scottsdale women here.  Lots of older guys too.  I tend not to pay attention to either when I go out, so I dont know how everyone was behaving.  I go with my girlfriend.  I will leave these comments to the people watchers.Third - the food.  Sushi is pretty much all I eat when I come here.  I find it to be quite delicious.  I have been to dozens of sushi restaurants around Phoenix, Seattle, and California.  The sushi here is good.  Consistent quality, good selection.The service - It can be a little difficult to get the waiters attention.  I think that has to do with what I am going to say next.I think my only complaint is how loud the music has been on occasion.  When I am having to shout to talk to my girlfriend, or I cant hear the sushi chef talking 2 feet in front of me, its getting a little stupid.I think whoever started the loud music trend at these hip restaurants should be publicly flogged.  Hearing aids arent on the menu."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323b66),"Umm...W-T-F?!??!!!Came here to grab some food and a drink. First of all, the place was dead and the decor/vision of the place seems all over the place. But whatever. We seat ourselves.After about 15 minutes the server comes over and asked what we wanted to drink. And then tosses some menus on the table, while saying: ""Sorry guys, we just opened. We don't have a fucking clue what's going on"". Fine. Beers arrive. The menu did not look impressive. At all. I ordered fries and gravy. Not much you can mess up there right? WRONG. How about salt-less stale fries and gravy that tastes as if it crawled out of a can.But this gets better...Server: Omg, did you guys see that guy?Me: What guy?Server: The one that was just arrested outside?Me: Excuse me?!?Server: Oh yeah! It was crazy...he walked in here with his penis hanging out.Me: WHAT?????????Server: Yeah, it was just hanging out.Me: Ummm...check please.Bad food? Overpriced beer? And crazies? No thanks."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b563240c1),"Based on my one dinner, I would eat here everyday if I could. I want to try everything! It is a vegan paradise. Now I've never been to Jamaica, so I don't know the ""real"" deal, but I've been to Caribbean restaurants.We shared the Avocado Plantain Spring Rolls, but I think we could have each finished our own - they were simply that good. The person I went with usually eats ""like a bird,"" barely tastes her food and leaves food over. Not here, unless you consider a vulture a bird. Wow, I've never seen her go for food like this!She ordered the Pop Cho and Sweet Ginger, loved it and finished the entire serving. Didn't care for the cabbage side which she found too peppery. Note that the ""sweet potato"" that comes with this dish is actually a regular potato prepared sweetly, so adjust your expectation. It's still qute good.  She liked my dish too, but said hers was better (a bit competitive too).I had the Coconut Curry Tofu. It had amazing and unique tastes, Absolutely delicious.Unfortunately, we had no room for dessert. But I have no doubt I'll be back again soon for more!This will soon be part of the pre-theater rotation."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323f66),"A pretty good place to eat. I had the turkey, which was surprisingly moist and tender. I'm not wild about the glasses they serve beverages in, or the decor of the place in general, but the food was above average. The gravy was rather 'meh', and tasted as if it had been  a store brand purchased at a discount market down the road. The only genuine disappointment is something I can't hold againt My Mother's restaurant: the rolls. Dinner rolls in places like this usually taste like rubbish, and unfortunately this was no exception. Everything else was spot-on, though. I enjoyed myself, and plan on eating there again."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b563244cb),"This place has it all...1) Drinks - A wonderful bar area to relax with a cocktail and chat before dinner.2) Dinner - A great menu from affordable sandwiches, to fish and steak, and even desert. You get cute little buzzers to summon the waiter during the movie.3) Movie - A great view of the screen from wherever you dine, and comfortable tables. Plus, the movies are relatively new releases.Two thumbs up!!!http://www.farrellis.com"
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323d89),"I finally had the opportunity to try out this place for lunch today.  I really enjoyed it.  The food was great and I found the service to be excellent.  Our waiter was the cutest guy too.  He was very helpful and cordial and kept our iced tea glasses continually filled.  I had the miniature sandwiches.  There were three little ones and I chose roast beef, chicken salad and turkey.  Yummy!  My friend had the chicken salad and seemed to really like it.  The place is located in a renovated older home and I think they've done a great job.I would love to return to try some other items on the menu, especially the meatballs."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323eac),"I must update my first review of San Tan.  After visiting many breweries in the state this is probably still my favorite local brewery.  First off I like that it's in an old bank in downtown Chandler.  I also like that they have garage style doors behind the bar so you can have fresh air inside.2nd is the beer.  It's amazing!  I think the Negro Nitrogen black IPA is one of my favorite beers of all time!  It's like a cross of a ipa and a smooth stout.  I love this beer!  I also love their seasonal imperial red.  Lately I have been buying the Devils Ale and Hopshock IPA in cans for home.  I don't think I have bought any other beer for a while.  There are many other beers here and I like most of them.Lastly the food is really really good.  Especially their burgers.  They are stuffed with cheese and are amazing.I wish I lived closer to San Tan.  I'm lucky my brother in law does live close though so I always attempt to come down here when I'm visiting family."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b56324876),"Sorry, I really just don't get it. I didn't hate it and I'm not hating on it now, but I don't see what all the fuss is about.* Pizzas slapped together resulting in uneven, soggy crusts. Our party ordered 5 of the 6 available.* Psychological warfare of having to wait forever for just a few tables maintains an air of pompous superiority that tricks the famished patrons into reporting the pizza is a lot better than it really is. Waiter actually boasted about the 3 to 4 hour Saturday night wait, which we got around by having reservations!* Bottles of iced tea and other drinks bought in bulk rather than any alternative that would make more sense.Good? Not bad... Best in the Phoenix Valley? HIGHLY debatable, but personally I really can't say that I think so... Best is the USA? Impossible, there's just no way.LGO is better. Cibo is better. Spinato's is better.Most hyped? Most definitely."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b56324163),"This is a great place to relax, enjoy a nice hearty meal, and chat it up with family and friends.  The place is clean and the customer service is great.  One guy went above and beyond to ask about some deserts we kept inquiring about that we ate at the Ultimate Yelp Event.The food was fresh and cooked to order.  Their pesto chicken pasta was really good.  I could have ate that pasta for days.  The meatballs are good too.  You get a great portion of food for the price."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b563239b5),"Why does everyone hate chains? They are chains because their food is tasty and their menu works. I'm sorry if it's not owned by vagrant bohemians. I'm one of the masses!My friend, who shall remain nameless for obvious reasons, works here and she makes fun of me for wanting to eat there. She makes fun of me for thinking it tastes good. Everything I've ever had there is very good. Avacodo eggrolls make me smile. Hepatitis schmepitiis..."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b56324017),"I'm being on the generous side in giving MEBAD (as I've seen others refer to this place) 4 stars...It's kind of a unique gem that you don't see anymore with the owner at the register and a slamming lunch business in addition to the grocery items for sale that are rare foods, snacks, and ingredients from the Middle East.  I suggested this place for lunch with Amy D today after reading about it on Yelp awhile back... so happy I finally made it there myself!As Amy said in her review, we shared the baba ganoush and hummus plate and we each ordered a Greek Salad.  The salad was decent but nothing special, but the baba and hummus with the whole wheat pita was so damn tasty that we didn't even leave a bite.The free cup of homemade daily lemonade was a perk and the owner was really sweet... and I really did like the flavor of it.  I happen to love lemonade!I'll for sure return to MEBAD when I'm in the area to try more from their menu... this is the kind of place you want people to know about since you can tell how much work the owner and staff put into it each day.  If you haven't been, stop by... maybe I'll see you there - but please don't ask me to share my baba ganoush and hummus with you - I'm ordering my own next time!"
ObjectID(5165b71d74c3068b56325cd5),"I used to not like this place, but I read they changed everything. The Now use these amazing organic cibatta rolls and have removed the High Fructose corn syrup from everything!!! The also are the first restaurant to take it upon themselves to remove trans fat form 100% of everything sold there!. The Royal with light mustard is super good and I usually just switch any of the sandwiches for turkey and ham if I only like the toppings. It has totally improved and I come here often now. Oh and I read a review that said you get Soft serve with any meal? Is that true? Why did I not know that?I would give them an extra star but they have a lesbian that works there that is thinner than me, jk ....but there is"
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324e9e),"I still really love coming to LGO...especially to relax on their patio with some good food and good drink. I love that LGO sells Framboise and I love the hectic and busy atmosphere. HOWEVER, the time has come for me to drop a star. I am a regular fixture at LGO and lately have noticed that they seem to be running out of some of my favorite items on a regular basis. For example, the MJ Cookie...it is one of the few items that makes my mouth water at just the thought of it. It's like a brownie and cookie rolled into one. So heavenly. Unfortunately, LGO has been out of the MJ Cookie 4 out of my last 5 visits. And these visits are at all different times of the day/week. I know they get busy and I know a restaurant can run out, but it seems to happen so frequently and every time it's a big, BIG let down. And sadly, the cookie is not the only item that they run out of regularly. Lately, I've had a hard time finding the pre-made salads that I like too.My other issue just occurred and I cannot seem to pull myself out of the depression that it has caused. They no longer serve the green chile mac and cheese! Seriously. When I stopped in recently for lunch, I was so disappointed that this has been removed from the menu that I thought about walking out. I know that seems like a silly reaction to macaroni and cheese, but their green chile mac and cheese was by far one of the best items I found on their menu. Their sandwiches are tasty, but almost impossible to hold together. Their pizzas have great fresh ingredients, but always seem to be lacking something. And now this...no more mac and cheese. And they're always out of MJ cookies! It is a sad sad day at LGO. =("
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323950),"It was a convenient walk over from the FireSky hotel across the street. We started with the green pork chili. It was tasty, but not hot. We also had the lamb fondue, which is lamb rack with a squash sauce to dip them in. The squash ""fondue"" part was quite tasty. The lamb was cooked well.For the main course I tried the braised short rib. It was really big. It didn't have a ton of flavour; a shame for such a tasty meat. It needed salt & pepper and the core seasoning just didn't stand out.The food is good, but I feel it's all a bit under seasoned. Everything (except the lamb fondue) could have had some extra punch to it. Still, it wasn't so bad that you feel ripped off, so I'm going 3 stars on this."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324c5a),"The wide variations of reviews here reflect a business that changes focus and attempts to come up with ideas it cannot implement. As much as I wanted to like having a coffee shop in my ""work"" neighborhood - the environment is frenetic and insecure. It just isn't a ""warm"" place. This may have to do with (I'm told) the owner having never been in a restaurant or service industry and the fact that the woman who runs the shop is his girlfriend. And yes.....I have seen her cop an attitude and be nasty and condescending with employees. She is probably the one who is cocky and unprofessional enough to diss on Starbucks to customers (like I said.....the place oozes insecurity). This can't be an easy place to work. I don't need other people's drama and then be overcharged for it. I won't be back and will be up the street at the ""other"" shop."
ObjectID(5165b71b74c3068b563246bd),"I first became aware of Roy and his restaurants four years ago while watching season 2 of ""Top Chef.""  At the time I was planning my first visit to Hawaii, and I was specifically avoiding Oahu and making a beeline for the Big Island so the final competitions on the Big Island captured my fancy.  Roy was a major judge in the competition.The loss of my job nearly four years ago caused a major shift in priorities for me, as in no more trips to Hawaii anytime soon. Ditto for dining on haute cuisine. Somehow I stumbled onto the website for Roy's and learned about the Aloha menu.  With a five dollar price ceiling for drinks and food, I reckoned I could once again sample food that was the culinary equivalent of transcendence without feeling guilty about the expenditure afterwards.So, I cajoled my meat and potatoes Midwestern beau into taking me to Roy's for an early light meal and cocktails.From the moment we walked in the door, everything was perfect and professional- very professional. I should know, once upon a time I made my living in haute cuisine restaurants. I've always said it's easy to find great food for a commensurate price, the trick is getting great food without a hefty pricetag. Aloha hour at Roy's affords a person such as myself the opportunity to experience innovative cuisine and cocktails without forfeiting a necessity of life such as electricity for a month.Getting back to the staff, we were greeted and treated as if we had arrived in a limo instead of a Tundra. Once seated in the bar for Aloha hour we were not subjected to thinly veiled contempt from the server who realized that the tab was not going to merit the same gratuity as a several course meal.  The hostess, our server, and the manager on duty were  all extremely cordial, polite and provided seamless service and even better food.  The original hawaiian martini I ordered was prepared with top shelf liquors, not cheap substitutes to reflect the reduced price.We loved the salt and pepper calamari, Waygu sliders, potstickers, and the sushi rolls with a spin.  For a fraction of the price of the average degustation menu we sampled the gamut of appetizers and several drinks- well, I had several drinks, not the driver.  As for ambiance, we were seated at a banquette adjacent to a very large marine fish aquarium.  The atmosphere was subdued, urbane, comfortable and the staff was attentive, accommodating, and knowledgeable. Since we were on a date at the time, the server offered to take our photo. It was presented to us in a paper frame shortly afterward.  That is a ready indicator of the staff's desire to go above and beyond percentage-motivated tasks for guests.  Kudos to Roy for bringing the true spirit of Aloha to the mainland along with his unique fushion cusine in a sophisticated atmosphere that reflects warmth and the highest level of professional service for guests regardless of the bottom line at the end of the meal."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324c40),"i abso-fruit-ley love this place! The fact its just around the corner for me is awesome!- The bean and cheese burrito with sauce is major noms. You can get it in the mini burrito size or regular size as well. - the strips ... Why didn't I try this in the first place?! I try not to get it everytime, but I must say simplicity at its best. Just tortilla strips, salsa, and shredded cheese. Never had anything similar that tasted so good. - other menu options I have tried is the chicken/been taquitos. Crunchy but very yummy. Also chicken tacos are really good as well. Overall this place is pretty good. It the only mexican place worthy to visit numerous times."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56324f4e),"Went here for dinner with girlfriends on Tues. Wasn't blown away.It was difficult for me to find as there is no signage. I finally had to ask someone after wandering around for 15 mins. The service was lackluster. Our server gave us the impression we were inconveniencing her more than anything. Not warm or friendly at all.The menu was mostly sandwiches and salads all of which I wasn't particularly in the mood for. I was expecting more choices. I ended up ordering the Burger Au Poivre II...for $14.50, I was expecting WAY better quality.I will give them credit for their very extensive cocktail list and the bar is well stocked with every type of quality liquor you can imagine. I had the celebration champagne which was tasty.Beautiful atmosphere. I'd probably return for drinks at the bar but not the food or service."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323b6c),"I just re-visited Cheese 'N Stuff this weekend after a while.  I guess just eat during their limited hours very often.  They close very early (4pm).I love their liverwurst sandwiches and the Bismark but this time I decided to try the Doughboy people speak of minus mayo as I do not enjoy warm sandwich lubrication.  As ever the place is tiny, homey and spotlessly clean.  I had some of the hot German Potato salad as a side and a ginger ale.   All were yummy, delicious and satisfying!  As I was eating I had a yen for a Celery Soda to go with this classic sandwich but I've only been able to get them at Chompie's in the valley.  There are loads of interesting European cookies to get packages of as dessert so grab a couple of friends when you go but carpool as the lot is smallish.  I guess they stopped giving pickles with sandwiches, bummer."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323cc5),"I spent a lot of time between classes here. I love the chai, and the food was just a bonus as I was sort of vacating the area... it seemed reasonable at the time. Vegan food is never cheap when it isn't just ""accidentally vegan,"" if you know what I mean... ie vegan meaning a super simple or traditional food that meat lovers have reluctantly accepted as edible... sometimes. I had potato salad, which I hadn't had out in years, so I'd probably have paid anything. I think it's impressive they've found room to cook/prepare anything back there. It seems small. I never really go to a coffee shop when starving, though, so I guess I just view their offerings as little possible bonuses, not promises. That's not to say it wasn't good. It was pretty nice."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b563249ad),"Yet another disappointing sushi restaurant in the desert. My date and I went here for their late happy hour on a Friday night. I noticed it was hard for larger parties to get a table. There isn't much space between tables. I played it safe and ordered a plate of salmon nigiri. I noticed there wasn't a large selection of raw fish. We ordered the peach soju and the spicy tuna tempura off the happy hour menu. I thought I would be getting a peach soju that's of a thicker substance, but it ended up being soju mixed with some peach sweetener that killed the alcohol. Maybe it was my mistake of ordering soju at a sushi joint. The spicy tuna tempura was a spicy tempura roll deep fried in tempura batter and then sauces drizzled all over each piece that was cut. I couldn't taste any kind of kick from the roll. STAY AWAY from the happy hour rolls. What i think might be helpful is describing what's in each roll, rather than listing all the rolls on a sheet of paper for you to choose and its quantity. I'm so used to going to sushi restaurants that give you free miso soup, salad, and gyoza. These tend to be the cheapest items on the menu to prepare. Giving these out might keep customers coming back. I won't be back."
ObjectID(5165b71d74c3068b56325da6),"Somehow while attempting to write an update to my original incredibly witty Sprinkles review, I edited the original review in error, resulting in the loss of my original incredibly witty review, worthy of many UFC's.  Now my 18 fans are stuck with my incredibly less witty new review.Believe it or not, I actually had not been to Sprinkles in well over a year.  Unbelievable, I know, considering I live close by.  Maybe that says something.  Something along the lines of I'm not really anxious to pay more for a single cupcake than it costs me to make a dozen or two at home.  But what do you do when it's August and the thought of adding any more heat to the kitchen just won't do, and yet you really need a cupcake?  Well, you go stand in a line 12 deep to pay $14 for 4 cupcakes.I've been to Sprinkles maybe 4 times now, and they've been pretty consistent.  I do like their frosting, but I find the cake to be somewhat dry and flavorless IMO.  And I'm always surprised by the line here.  Are people that much in love with Sprinkles, or is it that most of the population is not able to read the directions on a Betty Crocker box?  I'm not saying Sprinkles is bad.  It certainly has its place in my life for a cupcake fix, particularly when I know if I make 12, I'll eat 12.  But I wouldn't go so far as to say I'm a fan.  Unless they lower their price to $1, then I'll be their biggest fan."
ObjectID(5165b71a74c3068b56323cc5),"umm, so i was really stoked to try this place, and stopped by there one day after class. terrible parking situation, i had no idea where to park and didnt want to get towed. after driving around for 10 minutes trying to figure out which way was out and where i could park tow-free, i walked up and was extremely confused as to where the door to get in was. the one i tried to open was locked, and another one up front said use other door. it really bothers me when business are a.) difficult to find and b.) difficult to get in to.three roots. FAIL."
ObjectID(5165b71c74c3068b56325c22),"Best reason to go?  Happy Hour pints of Anchor Steam or Hoegarden for $2.50.The sandwiches are huge but I have yet to have anyone that is really any good.  I seriously don't recommend the chicken sandwiches. On their huge bread the place two small chicken breasts which had obviously been cooked that morning and left to harden.  The chilli nachos are fun bar food though, and the grilled pbj is a fun treat.Seriously though, that happy hour is awesome for beer fans.  Moosedrool, Fat Tire, Sierra Nevada all $2.50 as well.  mmm... beer...."